"insurance industry These ppl would lose retirement 40k mutual funds without compensation Economic injustice I doubt M4A would put more money into economy Bernie admits he isn't sure the cost or how M4A would be paid for In Denmark they pay about a 50 tax They are"
"If we shut down the airports tomorrow I think we could keep it at 5000 concurrent sufferers (translating to 1000 patients for quite a while Shutting down large parts of the economy would also depress some types of demand on the HSE."
"Biden pick Kamala Young Smart politics Woman African American As a result Trump dumps Pence and “grabs Nikki Haley Biden destroys Trump Integrity character respect restored Climate change healthcare education Green New Deal jobs rising wages economy pic.twitter.com/AqOIt2PKJ8"
"What is an utter failure (California is one of the richest states in the country with the 2nd fastest growing economy since 2012 and the 2nd longest life expectancy in the country and the lowest maternity mortality rate)."
"Market Massacre Oil Crashes 30% Dow Down 1,000 VIX Explodes As Spoos Crater Breakingnews Breaking Investing Trading Collapse Economy Stocks"
"economy is not shut down 100million students taking class online about 100million working at home，others are back to work."
"Recessions are a natural cycle in the economy That will happen eventually Trump or any other politician won't change that."
"Drunk?? On a Sunday afternoon?? In this economy?? Yes."
"Yes...a mostly oil based economy was always risky but now will lead to disaster...congratulations to those savvy Albertan voters who put this idiot/loser into office... …"
"GDP -7.1%.. pic.twitter.com/8HJCJKdZuJ"
"How’s the stock market doing now Trump Try to get out of this one Better do some more tax breaks for the 1 percent Your daughter made $375 million from selling handbags and shoes If the shoe fits"
"I disagree Alternative places to invest money such as the stock market are being affected even more by coronavirus Most stocks are down massively I could see people piling money into FI instead for that reason"
"Are you worried about stock market volatility Last Friday financial planner Luke Smith spoke with 2CC Catch up on the podcast here Canberra Podast financialplanning ASX volatility"
"Coronavirus live updates stock markets plunge on global recession fears …"
"Stock market down another 1100 points?"
"Shemitah wiped away 40%t of Chinese stock market collapses all over the world Wall Street looses 888 pts More"
"ASX down 5.5%=$140b loss Coronavirus live updates stock markets plunge on global recession fears …"
"RCUS's price moved above its 50-day Moving Average on February 4 2020 View odds for this and other indicators ArcusBiosciences stockmarket stock technicalanalysis money trading investing daytrading news todaypic.twitter.com/bBJ0JGZiqQ"
"Another one who forgot to take his billions out of the stock market I’m guessing."
"Stock market crash Crypto “hold my beer”"
"Also give the Glory to God for Obama God gave Obama the strength and tenacity to run the marathon needed to get unemployment down to 4.5% So trump could waddle over the fininsh line by adding one percent."
"You do know in other developed countries like the UK where they have universal credit Unemployed people get considerably far less for unemployment benefits then here I know because l was over there I can understand the governments position too."
"Only 5 Ok 1.Over 7 million jobs created 2.Lowest unemployment in history 3.Median household income has hit highest level ever recorded 4.Appointed over 200 federal judges 5.Manufacturing jobs growing at the fastest rate in more than 3 decades Remember that magic wand O lost"
"Free testing and unemployment payment to those affected should be a priority...these are lives you’re playing with realDonaldTrump...politics …"
"Wow unemployment is a major impact I didn't even know about this one Masculinity and the expectations of men it's detrimental to their Mental health and wellbeing PTSD by those who have suffered a trauma lifelong damage Substance abuse alcohol and drugs."
"You know I was watching one of the democrat guys talking and he was saying all of the things trump should be saying namely long term unemployment People are going to need $$ Have the republicans even discussed this Seriously wonder."
"Yes Ma'am Your facts go hand in hand with your truths That means that you believe whatever the heck you want to believe The black low unemployment is no thanks to Obama who said that manufacturing jobs were not comming back He gave up on that His succesor didn't."
"That’s it and also UBER Eats they get such little money People wouldn’t do these jobs if there was a well paying job for them Unemployment is far higher than the government will admit to."
"for the average citizen this is a marginal increase in risk for them Panicking will not make their life expectancy any longer in fact it might shorten it In fact If people unnecessarily isolate they will reduce demand in the economy resulting in unemployment."
"Black unemployment went from 16 to 7% Black farmers finally got compensation Black women had the highest rate of new business start ups the civil rights division of the Justice department set up anti discrimination polices in housing and education passed all under Obama."
"GDP -7.1%.. pic.twitter.com/8HJCJKdZuJ"
