this is a battle to save the heritage, history, and greatness of our country! maga2020
as i watch the pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the usa, i become more and more angry at china. people can see it, and i can feel it!
today’s scotus ruling is a historic win for families who want school choice now! schoolchoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. i will continue to fight for school choice and will always defend religious freedom!
the lone warrior!
chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. thanks! …
we are tracking down the two anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent george washington statue in manhattan. we have them on tape. they will be prosecuted and face 10 years in prison based on the monuments and statues act. turn yourselves in now!
senator corygardner from colorado is a great senator who always fights for the people of his state. he protects your 2a, loves our vets and military, and cares deeply about our beautiful public lands. cory has my complete and total endorsement! cosen …
congressman scottrtipton is a great supporter of the maga agenda! he fights for your 2a rights and the border wall. scott is working hard for colorado and has my complete and total endorsement! co03 …
sorry to inform the do nothing democrats, but i am getting very good internal polling numbers. just like 2016, the nytimes polls are fake! the foxnews polls are a joke! do you think they will apologize to me their subscribers again when i win? people want law, order safety!
seattle looters, agitators, anarchists and “protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “chop” zone. they have zero respect for government, or the mayor of seattle or governor of washington state! not good!
95% approval rating of president trump in the republican party. i would imagine the 5% are the rinos’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great judges supreme court justice’s, a new powerful military, choice for vets, 2a protection, big regulationcuts, life, much more!
can anyone believe that princeton just dropped the name of woodrow wilson from their highly respected policy center. now the do nothing democrats want to take off the name john wayne from an airport. incredible stupidity!
intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or vp. possibly another fabricated russia hoax, maybe by the fake news nytimesbooks, wanting to make republicans look bad!!! …
absentee ballots are fine. a person has to go through a process to get and use them. mail-in voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt election is usa history. bad things happen with mail-ins. just look at special election in patterson, n.j. 19% of ballots a fraud!
corrupt joe biden’s team is running false ads. almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, very much like their fake news partners!
the dems want to defund and abolish the police. not good! …
the vast silent majority is alive and well!!! we will win this election big. nobody wants a low iq person in charge of our country, and sleepy joe is definitely a low iq person!
the fake news must reveal its “anonymous” source. bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! …
have a good time this morning at first baptist dallas church. the wonderful pastor robertjeffress will be joined by our great vp mike pence!
since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that vandalize monuments, statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our country, the vandalism has completely stopped. thank you!
corrupt joe biden has confirmed that he “would give unlimited healthcare to illegal immigrants”. this would break our system and bring millions of people to the usa. foxandfriends
funny to see corrupt joe biden reading a statement on russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. russia ate his and obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that obama wanted them out of the then g-8. u.s. was weak on everything, but especially russia!
...nobody’s been tougher on russia than the trump administration. with corrupt joe biden obama, russia had a field day, taking over important parts of ukraine where’s hunter? probably just another phony times hit job, just like their failed russia hoax. who is their “source”?
nobody briefed or told me, vp pence, or chief of staff markmeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in afghanistan by russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the fake news nytimes. everybody is denying it there have not been many attacks on us.....
corrupt joe biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of coronavirus!
....obamacare is a joke! deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. my administration has gone out of its way to manage oc much better than previous, but it is still no good. i will always protect people with pre-existing conditions, always, always,always!!!
now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair individual mandate provision has been terminated by us, many states the u.s. are asking the supreme court that obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a far better and much less expensive alternative.....
....we will win the election against corrupt joe biden, nancy pelosi, and schumer. we will save the supreme court, your 2nd amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous green new deal, and you from massive tax hikes. also, our heritage, history and law order!
do not believe the fake news media. oklahoma speech had the highest saturday television ratings in foxnews history. seanhannity dominated t.v. with my interview on thursday night, more than cnn msdnc combined. these are the real polls, the silent majority, not fake polls!
i just had the privilege of signing a very strong executive order protecting american monuments, memorials, and statues and combatting recent criminal violence. long prison terms for these lawless acts against our great country!
big win in texas on mail-in ballots!
...i am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe and these people will be brought to justice!
i was going to go to bedminster, new jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in washington, d.c. to make sure law order is enforced. the arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped...
many people in custody, with many others being sought for vandalization of federal property in lafayette park. 10 year prison sentences! fbiwf
he has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! …
coronavirus deaths are way down. mortality rate is one of the lowest in the world. our economy is roaring back and will not be shut down. “embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!
i was honored to be in wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful lake michigan, with the legendary workers of marinette marine
if i ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the fake news media would come down on me with a vengeance. this is beyond a normal mistake. why isn’t the media reporting it
i will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 p.m. eastern on foxnews. enjoy!
landing in wisconsin. launching big new ship contract!
law order!
told that nycmayor bill de blasio wants to paint the fabled beautiful fifth avenue, right in front of trump tower/tiffany, with a big yellow black lives matter sign. “pigs in a blanket, fry ‘em like bacon”, referring to killing police, is their chant. nyc police are furious!
black lives matter leader states, “if u.s. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. this is treason, sedition, insurrection!
the obama/biden administration is the most corrupt in history! …
when are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “autonomous zone” in seattle? get going!
the number of chinavirus cases goes up, because of great testing, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. the fake news doesn’t like telling you that!
failed presidential candidate (thank you president trump!), carly fiorina, said she will be voting for corrupt joe biden. she lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for joe. no complaints!!!
the fake news and phony fake suppression polls have never been worse. the lamestream media has gone crazy!
a foxnews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. they talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the church on fire the day before. they were anything but friendly), and how i stood and held the bible upside down it wasn’t upside down. edhenry
“how trump is making black america great again, the untold story of black advancement in the era of trump.” by horace cooper a great new book!
it was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of maine. enjoy!
....the good and the bad. it is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!
very sad to see states allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. some are great works of art, but all represent our history heritage, both....
pres. obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in maine. now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! make lots of money!
biden failed with china. they took us to the cleaners! i got $billions out of china, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
law order!
is james comey and his band of dirty cops going to apologize to general michael flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? what about robert mueller and his angry democrat cronies are they going to say, so sorry? and what about obama biden?
great! appeals court upholds justice departments request to drop criminal case against general michael flynn!
a great day in arizona
it is ashame that congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the american flag. it should be stopped, and now!
tomorrow senatortimscott and the senate republicans have a great bill, the justiceact, up for a vote. will be great for both people of color and police in fact, has major police support. rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! hope to sign it into law asap!
big victory for patients federal court upholds hospital price transparency. patients deserve to know the price of care before they enter the hospital. because of my action, they will. this may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. congratulations america!
cases up only because of our big number testing. mortality rate way down!!! …
we broke them up last night, fast. numerous are, and will be, in prison! …
hogan gidley will be leaving the white house on july 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the national press secretary. he is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that i know will do an outstanding job! we must win this election! follow him at jhogangidley.
....dr. anthony fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% approval rating. so, if he is in charge along with v.p. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the lamestream media treat us as they should? answer: because they are fake news!
we did a great job on coronavirus, including the very early ban on china, ventilator production, and testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the world. we saved millions of u.s. lives.! yet the fake news refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. but they do give....
there will never be an “autonomous zone” in washington, d.c., as long as i’m your president. if they try they will be met with serious force!
cases are going up in the u.s. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. with smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
.....this action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. there will be no exceptions!
i have authorized the federal government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such federal property in the u.s. with up to 10 years in prison, per the veteran’s memorial preservation act, or such other laws that may be pertinent.....
washed up creepster john bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly classified information. remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to crooked hillary. i ended up pardoning him it wasn’t fair!
see, bolton broke the law. classified information! …
interesting guy. “bolton is really dumb”. true, and he broke the law! …
numerous people arrested in d.c. for the disgraceful vandalism, in lafayette park, of the magnificent statue of andrew jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of st. john’s church across the street. 10 years in prison under the veteran’s memorial preservation act. beware!
looks what’s going on here. where are the protesters? was this man arrested? …
so terrible! …
the china trade deal is fully intact. hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the agreement!
i brought back cars jobs. will do it again for michigan, everywhere else!!! …
a really wonderful book. buy it and enjoy! …
wow! the trump rally gives foxnews the “largest saturday night audience in its hustory”. isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the lamestream media is reporting this rather major feat!
rather hard to believe that foxnews didn’t know that the border wall is well under construction, fully financed, already over 200 miles long? will soon be finished! they just reported that “it is something that dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”. bretbaier
could somebody please explain to reporter doug mckelway of foxnews that the border wall has long been under construction, the battle (war) is won, the dems have finally given in. in fact, i will be in arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. bretbaier
presidential harassment!
“trump rally gives fox news largest saturday night audience in its history” …
senator jim inhofe @ inhofeforsenate) delivers for the state of oklahoma! a u.s. army veteran, he fights hard for our military, vets, small businesses, and our terrific farmers. jim has my complete and total endorsement! oksen
congressman frankdlucas is working hard for oklahoma. he strongly supports our great farmers, small businesses and vets, and he will always fight for life and the second amendment. frank has my complete and total endorsement! ok03 …
congressman tom cole is doing an incredible job for the people of oklahoma! he delivers for our military, vets, and brave law enforcement, and he will always stand for life and the second amendment! tom has my complete and total endorsement! ok04
congressman markwaynemullin is a warrior for the people of oklahoma! he proudly fights for our border, infrastructure, second amendment and our brave law enforcement. markwayne has my complete and total endorsement! ok02 …
congressman kevin hern @ krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the state of oklahoma! a successful businessman, he is strong on the wall, our military and the second amendment. kevin has my complete and total endorsement! ok01 …
if people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and vote and keep our election honest. with millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?
unlike the radical left, i will always stand against socialism and with the people of venezuela. my admin has always stood on the side of freedom and liberty and against the oppressive maduro regime! i would only meet with maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!
because of mail-in ballots, 2020 will be the most rigged election in our nations history unless this stupidity is ended. we voted during world war one world war two with no problem, but now they are using covid in order to cheat by using mail-ins!
i gave john bolton, who was incapable of being senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. i always like hearing differing points of view. he turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar. see judge’s opinion. classified information!!!
rigged 2020 election: millions of mail-in ballots will be printed by foreign countries, and others. it will be the scandal of our times!
barr: mail-in ballots ‘absolutely opens the floodgates to fraud‘ via breitbartnews. this will be the election disaster of our time. mail-in ballots will lead to a rigged election!
our coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. my message on that is very clear!
ridiculous, don’t do it! …
actually, that would be a big improvement and she would win! …
“his (president trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” heytammybruce stevehiltonx foxnews true, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again jobs growth!!!
a democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for african americans! stevehiltonx foxnews
the democrat house wants to pass a bill this week that will destroy our police. republican congressmen congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. we must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!
republicans are the party of liberty, equality and justice for all. we are the party of abraham lincoln and the party of law and order
joe biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure he never did anything
the silent majority is stronger than ever before! mag
…
....bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. he likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. now he will have bombs dropped on him!
big court win against bolton. obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected judge could have done about stopping it...but, strong powerful statements rulings on money on breaking classification were made....
.....who was all washed up until i brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing classified information (in massive amounts). he must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. this should never to happen again!!!
wow, i finally agree with failed political consultant steve schmidt, who called wacko john bolton “a de man who failed in his duty to protect america.” also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. so true! plain and simple, john bolton,....
watch live: trump supporters descend on tulsa on eve of trump rally via breitbartnews thank you to all. see you tonight in tulsa!
the d.c. police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down burn. these people should be immediately arrested. a disgrace to our country! mayorbowser
@ tuckercarlson
....as to whether they want help in taking back seattle. ready to move quickly! damage to various democrat run cities states, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. ready to solve problem quickly! federal government is ready, willing able!@tuckercarlson
informed dr. fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with nfl football. forced democrat run minnesota to bring in the national guard end rioting looting after seeing the destruction crime in minneapolis. 100% successful! waiting to hear from dem run washington state...
joe biden’s rally. zero enthusiasm
why are democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? president trump supports school choice! schoolchoicenow …
senator mitch mcconnell @ team_mitch) always delivers for the people of kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful senate majority leader. mitch has helped us make america great again, and has my complete and total endorsement! kysen
congressman brettguthrie fights for the commonwealth of kentucky! a west point graduate, he is strong on jobs, reducing taxes, and our great military and vets. brett has my complete and total endorsement! ky02 …
. scotttaylorva is a fighter for virginia, and we need him back in congress! he served our country as a navy seal, and he is strong on the border, military, and the second amendment. scott has my complete and total endorsement! va02 …
congressman hal rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of kentucky! he is strong on the border, life and always protects your second amendment. hal has my complete and total endorsement! ky05 …
congressman jamescomer is working hard for the people of kentucky! he fights for his fellow farmers, and is strong on trade, cutting taxes, and the second amendment. jamie has my complete and total endorsement! ky01 …
i just spoke to the highly respected mayor of tulsa, g.t. bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the maga rally. enjoy yourselves thank you to mayor bynum! gtbynum
tony fauci has nothing to do with nfl football. they are planning a very safe and controlled opening. however, if they don’t stand for our national anthem and our great american flag, i won’t be watching!!!
why are the democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. they should be called out. they did nothing when they had the chance. i have done far more than any president in first 3 1/2 years!
the democrats are doing totally false advertising. they have done nothing for years, including when sleepy joe was v.p., and they now have a fake ad that my china deal is losing us jobs. opposite, china is paying us $billions. also, i love seniors protect preexisting c’s.
big crowds and lines already forming in tulsa. my campaign hasn’t started yet. it starts on saturday night in oklahoma!
if the dems get in, our country is in big trouble! …
“the silent majority is stronger than ever before.”
any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in new york, seattle, or minneapolis. it will be a much different scene!
. foxnews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. watch what happens in november. fox is terrible!
...ruling request of yesterday. i have wanted to take care of daca recipients better than the do nothing democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate they have abandoned daca. based on the decision the dems can’t make daca citizens. they gained nothing! dhsgov
the supreme court asked us to resubmit on daca, nothing was lost or won. they “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great american flag). we will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the supreme court’s.....
great things coming to arkansas! $40m to be awarded to myardot from usdot to reconstruct and improve us 67 in pulaskiar and lonoke counties. will reduce congestion and travel time a huge boost for economic growth!
$40m proposed to anokacounty in minnesota from usdot for the ramsey gateway project on us highway 10/169. will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!
designating $38.1 million to mainedot1 from usdot to replace seven bridges and improve five locations in kennebec, oxford, penobscot, and somerset counties. very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the great state of maine!
$55.15m will be on its way to kytc to widen mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the ky 191 overpass and the ky 205 interchange. must keep the people of kentucky moving efficiently and safely!
big news for eaglecounty, colorado! $60.7m proposed to coloradodot from usdot for improvements and enhanced safety to the vail pass on i-70, between miles 180-190. huge for safe travel through the region!
i’m designating $56.8m to delawaredot to construct a redesigned interchange at i-95 and sr 896 in new castle county. huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!
floridians will get $10m grant from usdot for myfdot’s i-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! will make getting back to work easier. great work govrondesantis!
$71.5m will be headed to mississippidot from usdot to finish the greenville bypass in washington county. so important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through western mississippi on us 82!
i’m proposing a $50m award to nevadadot from usdot to reconstruct the tr avenue/i-15 interchange. so important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!
$25m coming your way ncdot! the great state of north carolina is set to be awarded usdot funding to help complete highway improvements in the us 74 corridor in cleveland, columbus, and robeson counties. huge for travel and growth in the area!
. ridotnews is set to be awarded $65 million from usdot to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the ri-246 corridor greatly improving travel through the region!
. port_houston in texas is set to receive $79.5m from usdot for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the barbours cut container terminal. this will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. great for economic growth in this busy region!
proposing $73.7m to wsdot for the puget sound gateway program from usdot. will build “missing links” to the ports and improve commerce and safety big boost to the economy and jobs!
port tampa bay in florida will be awarded $19.9 million from usdot to improve hooker’s point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to grow!
. tulsaport, $6.2m is coming your way from usdot to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. huge for jobs and the economy in the region!
. scdotpress will have $34.6m headed its way for a new interchange on i-77 in rock hill! this will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at exit 81. huge innovation and development coming to the area! rockhillsccity yorkcountysc yorkcountyscgov
great things headed to tennessee! $11.2m is headed to mytdot from usdot to install fiber optic communications on i-40 from memphis to nashville. this is huge for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
. wvdot will be awarded $12 million from usdot to help finish the corridor h project between kerens and parsons, key to a booming economy in the great state of west virginia!
i’m proud to propose a $6.8m award to wisconsindot from usdot to complete the last phase of the merrimac bridge rehabilitation more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over lake wisconsin!
great news for louisiana! $135m proposed to la_dotd from usdot to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from leeville bridge to golden meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
proud to propose a $25m award to michigandot to replace and expand the blue water bridge port of entry in port_huron. critcal for security, operations, and commerce at our country’s third busiest u.s.-canada border crossing!
it was not ambassador lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in committee) in that perhaps i didn’t make myself clear, but the u.s. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from china. thank you!
first thing the anarchists did upon taking over seattle was “build a wall”. see, i was ahead of our times!
extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “semper paratus” u.s. coast guard. our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. well done uscg! …
...based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (second amendment, right to life, religous liberty, etc.) vote 2020!
i will be releasing a new list of conservative supreme court justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by september 1, 2020. if given the opportunity, i will only choose from this list, as in the past, a conservative supreme court justice...
as president of the united states, i am asking for a legal solution on daca, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. the supreme court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again.
the daca decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the president of the united states far more power than ever anticipated. nevertheless, i will only act in the best interests of the united states of america!
...religious liberty, among many other things, are over and gone!
the recent supreme court decisions, not only on daca, sanctuary cities, census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need new justices of the supreme court. if the radical left democrats assume power, your second amendment, right to life, secure borders, and...
do you get the impression that the supreme court doesn’t like me?
these horrible politically charged decisions coming out of the supreme court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves republicans or conservatives. we need more justices or we will lose our 2nd. amendment everything else. vote trump 2020!
....he didn’t want bolton anywhere near him. bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with north korea, even now. i asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” he had no answer and just apologized. that was early on, i should have fired him right then there!
when wacko john bolton went on deface the nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “libyan model” for north korea, all hell broke out. kim jong un, who we were getting along with very well, went “ballistic”, just like his missiles and rightfully so....
bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
“it’s a terrible situation, and i blame the leaders of those cities. the president of the united states has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” herschelwalker seanhannity foxnews
“seattle’s chop is just the latest example of liberal (democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” seanhannity foxnews
. nbcnews is facing considerable backlash for pushing google to remove conservative sites from its ad platform.
“blitz, trump will smash the left and win”, by david horowitz. amazon #1 bestseller. call 800-691-0022 hot book, great author!
biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the swine flu h1n1. it was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. among the worst ever!
president bush fired him also. bolton is incompetent! …
wacko john bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(new york times) book is made up of lies fake stories. said all good about me, in print, until the day i fired him. a disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. never had a clue, was ostracized happily dumped. what a dope!
will be interviewed on seanhannity tonight at 9:00 p.m. enjoy!
joe biden was a total failure in government. he “bungled” everything that he touched!
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
a great woman. her son is looking down from heaven is very proud of his wonderful loving mom!!! …
true! …
. lyndabennettnc has my complete total endorsement. she is a great fighter ally in north carolina. lynda is strong on crime, borders, military, our great vets 2a. she will be a great help to me in dc. we need lynda to help drain the swamp! vote early! …
congressman leezeldin is a fighter for new york! he serves our country in the army reserve works hard for our vets first responders. he’ll stand with our police against radical liberal attempts to defund them. lee has my complete total endorsement! …
chris jacobs @ jacobsny27) will be a tremendous congressman who will always fight for new york. he is strong on the border, our military and vets, and the second amendment. chris has my complete and total endorsement! vote for chris on june 23! ny27 …
wow! may retail sales show biggest one-month increase of all time, up 17.7%. far bigger than projected. looks like a big day for the stock market, and jobs!
so true! …
“trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: cbo” …
“we have greater confidence in our call for a v-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” chetan ahya, chief economist at morgan stanley
law order!
our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. testing is a double edged sword makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
the far left fake news media, which had no covid problem with the rioters looters destroying democrat run cities, is trying to covid shame us on our big rallies. won’t work!
almost one million people request tickets for the saturday night rally in tulsa, oklahoma!
i’ve done more in less than 4 years than biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for black america. biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. bad trade deals, endless wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. he’s weak shot!!!
many democrats want to defund and abolish police departments. how crazy!
the silent majority is stronger than ever!!!
interesting how antifa and other far left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft do nothing democrat leadership, yet these same weak leaders become radical when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!
does anyone notice how little the radical left takeover of seattle is being discussed in the fake news media. that is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness ineptitude play politically. the mayor governor should be ashamed of themselves. easily fixed!
…
thank you philip! …
michael moore: i‘m ‘begging‘ dems -- don‘t underestimate white male trump supporter‘s ‘rage,‘ ‘emotion‘ via breitbartnews well, he got it right in 2016?
a great day at west point! …
the ramp that i descended after my west point commencement speech was very long steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. the last thing i was going to do is “fall” for the fake news to have fun with. final ten feet i ran down to level ground. momentum!
and it looks like the nfl is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching! …
i won’t be watching much anymore! …
tonight at 9:00 p.m. (eastern). …
on behalf of our entire nation, congratulations to the incredible west point class of 2020
make america great again!
law order!
10:00 a.m. …
so true! …
happy birthday matt. great job! …
thank you frank. fredo’s ratings are really bad, more than 50% down. a loser!!! …
they want to totally destroy our great police departments. no way!!! …
thank you nick. hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. make this great writer number one!). …
soon heading to west point graduation to give the commencement address. will be shown live on foxnews plus. enjoy!
concast is known for its terrible service. on top of that they provide fake news on msdnc @ nbcnews. drop them and go to a good provider! …
we are getting the commercial fishing industry in maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. china e.u. told to drop their tariffs now!!! …
criminal justice reform. i got it done!!! …
thank you jack! …
...we have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. i look forward to seeing everyone in oklahoma!
...of respect for this holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. i have therefore decided to move our rally to saturday, june 20th, in order to honor their requests...
we had previously scheduled our maga rally in tulsa, oklahoma, for june 19th a big deal. unfortunately, however, this would fall on the juneteenth holiday. many of my african american friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out...
...rebuilding america’s infrastructure with projects like the portal north bridge, which i have given authorization to proceed!
just finished dinner in bedminster, new jersey, with governor phil murphy @ govmurphy) and his wonderful wife, tammy. talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful garden state, getting people back to work, and...
...we need corky in washington he has my complete and total endorsement! nhsen …
corky messner @ corkyforsenate) will be a fantastic senator for new hampshire! a west point graduate, he served our country in the army with distinction. strong on jobs, crime, vets, military and the second amendment...
seattle mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a summer of love”. these liberal dems don’t have a clue. the terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. must end this seattle takeover now!
interview with harrisfaulkner at 1:00 p.m. on foxnews, outnumbered overtime
“do you think suburban women want to defund the police? i don’t think so.” marcthiessen
a big winner. congratulations! …
hello! …
the republican party has not yet voted on a platform. no rush. i prefer a new and updated platform, short form, if possible.
how do you think china, russia, japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? we would have no country left!!! …
crazy! …
people have no idea how fake the lamestream media is! …
the radical left democrats: first they try to take away your guns. then they try to take away your police!
great work repchiproy, together we are keeping american workers employed! …
...we need karen in washington badly! she loves georgia and the usa. has my complete and total endorsement! november 3rd, a big day for us all! ga06 …
congratulations to karenhandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory 75%, despite tough competition. previously beat jon ossoff who, after his 2017 congressional failure, is now running against a great senator, david perduesenate...
senator joniernst of iowa has a new book, “daughter of the heartland: my ode to the country that raised me.” the first female combat veteran elected to serve in the u.s. senate joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. get her book today
...unlike her radical liberal opponent, theresa greenfield, and theresa’s failed record in real estate, joni stands for iowa. vote for joni ernst on november 3rd, a big day for us all! iasen …
few people have ever fought as strongly for iowa as senator joniernst! a combat veteran, her service to iowa and our country is remarkable! joni is strong on crime, our military, vets, low taxes and will protect your 2a at all times...
...second amendment. matt has my complete and total endorsement! we need him in washington now! nh01 …
matt mowers is a champion for the great state of new hampshire! he was a winner in my administration and he will always put america first. strong on our military, vets, low taxes and the...
...of schumer and pelosi. david is strong on crime, our military, vets, low taxes and will protect your 2a at all times. he is a great senator and has my complete and total endorsement. vote for david perdue on november 3rd, a big day for us all! gasen …
we need our great david perdue @ perduesenate) in the senate to drain the swamp make america great again! his radical liberal opponent, jon ossoff (who we beat in 2017), supports lawless sanctuary cities, wants to raise your taxes, weaken our great military. he is a puppet...
chris jacobsny27 is a great winner and fighter for new york. he will never let you down! strong on crime, military, our vets, reducing taxes, regulations, and importantly, our 2a. vote on june 23rd. chris has my complete and total endorsement! ny27 …
...strong on crime, our military, vets and low taxes. nancy has my complete and total endorsement! november 3rd, a big day for us all! sc01 …
despite very tough competition, nancymace had a tremendous victory on tuesday in south carolina’s 1st congressional district. the first woman to graduate from the citadel, she is a great warrior who we need in washington now...
seriously failed presidential candidate, senator elizabeth “pocahontas” warren, just introduced an amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary military bases from which we trained to win two world wars. hopefully our great republican senators won’t fall for this!
radical left governor jayinslee and the mayor of seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great country has never seen before. take back your city now. if you don’t do it, i will. this is not a game. these ugly anarchists must be stopped immediately. move fast!
anarchists just took over seattle and the liberal democrat governor just said he knows “nothing about that”.
june 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! love our boaters, love our country! mag
the federal reserve is wrong so often. i see the numbers also, and do much better than they do. we will have a very good third quarter, a great fourth quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. we will also soon have a vaccine therapeutics/cure. that’s my opinion. watch!
those that deny their history are doomed to repeat it!
sleepy joe biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his radical left bosses that they are heading in the wrong direction. tell them to get out of seattle now. liberal governor jayinslee is looking “the fool”. law order!
our great national guard troops who took care of the area around the white house could hardly believe how easy it was. “a walk in the park”, one said. the protesters, agitators, anarchists (antifa), and others, were handled very easily by the guard, d.c. police, s.s. great job!
domestic terrorists have taken over seattle, run by radical left democrats, of course. law order!
“very troubled by durham probe findings.” a.g. bill barr bretbaier foxnews
...and the trump family didn’t ask the federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! …
law order!
so honored by archbishop viganò’s incredible letter to me. i hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! …
congratulations to dr. rich mccormick @ richforga) on a big win in georgia last night! we need you in washington, d.c. badly. you have my complete and total endorsement! maga ga07 …
congratulations on last nights big win, nancymace! keep up the great work so we can maga! we need you in washington fast. you have my complete and total endorsement! sc01 …
i am sending $219.9m to the san diego area in cares act funding for sdmts. these funds from usdot will be critical for economic recovery. we have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
big $$$$ headed to the pittsburgh area! i’m sending $141.7m in cares act funding to pghtransit from usdot to aid in the recovery. this will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them safe!
...our history as the greatest nation in the world will not be tampered with. respect our military!
...history of winning, victory, and freedom. the united states of america trained and deployed our heroes on these hallowed grounds, and won two world wars. therefore, my administration will not even consider the renaming of these magnificent and fabled military installations...
it has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our legendary military bases, such as fort bragg in north carolina, fort hood in texas, fort benning in georgia, etc. these monumental and very powerful bases have become part of a great american heritage, and a...
incredible! foxnews just took congressional hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. more like cnn!!! fox is lost!!!
great statement to congress by jim_jordan concerning defunding (not!) our great police. this radical left agenda is not going to happen. sleepy joe biden will be (already is) pulled all the way left. many, like minneapolis, want to close their police departments. crazy!
“for the first time in history, police organizations national security organizations were used to spy on a campaign, there was no basis for it. the media largely drove that, claims were made that could have affected the election of the president.” a.g. bill barr bretbaier
new york state is killing small businesses. let them properly open! foxandfriends
nasdaq hits all-time high. tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. usa!
“republican ags come out in force against defunding police” …
thank you george, great honor! …
great work in the republican senate on some big nominees. still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! senatemajldr
relief is on the way to utah! i’m proud to send $187.18m in cares act funding to rideuta. this money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the great people of utah!
i am allocating $2.96 billion in emergency solutions grants to support homeless americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to covid-19. we are taking care of our nation’s most vulnerable citizens. thanks secretarycarson!
my decision to appoint usairforce general charles brown as the usa’s first-ever african american military service chief has now been approved by the senate. a historic day for america! excited to work even more closely with gen. brown, who is a patriot and great leader!
“defunding police would be good for robbers rapists.” senbillcassidy
big demand! starting up again soon, maybe next week! …
should have let police do their job and brought in national guard on day one, not day four! …
minnesota needs djt @ lacyjohnsonmn now. when i insisted on the national guard, things got better fast. enough with omar, you’ll have nothing left! …
make america great again!
the reawakening of america!
. whitehouse transition to greatness!
mattis was our country’s most overrated general. he talked a lot, but never “brought home the bacon.” he was terrible! someday i will tell the real story on him and others both good and bad! …
poll: trump better than biden on economic growth, 55% to 34%. that’s all? who are the 34%?
buffalo protester shoved by police could be an antifa provocateur. 75 year old martin gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. oann i watched, he fell harder than was pushed. was aiming scanner. could be a set up?
nasdaq hits all-time high!
vote today for big jim, a great governor. love west virginia! …
a great senator. must return to washington. steve has my complete total endorsement! …
“democrats activists call to defund police departments. they’ve gone so far left that they eat their young.” mirandadevine nypost foxandfriends
…
…
…
…
...crooked hillary clinton in 2016. they are called suppression polls, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. despite 3 years of phony witch hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on november 3rd
i have retained highly respected pollster, mclaughlin associates, to analyze todays cnn poll (and others), which i felt were fake based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. read analysis for yourself. this is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...
this year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our country’s recorded history, and now the radical left democrats want to defund and abandon our police. sorry, i want law order!
big day for stock market. smart money, and the world, know that we are heading in the right direction. jobs coming back fast. next year will be our greatest ever!
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
the lamestream media refuses to talk about our country’s record setting jobs numbers, which are indicating greatness, and soon!
cnn polls are as fake as their reporting. same numbers, and worse, against crooked hillary. the dems would destroy america!
law order, not defund and abolish the police. the radical left democrats have gone crazy!
tremendous sincerity, what a guy. hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would “tank” so badly in utah! …
actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, doug wead! …
could it be even remotely possible that in roger goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be o.k. for the players to kneel, or not to stand, for the national anthem, thereby disrespecting our country our flag?
colin powell was a pathetic interview today on fake news cnn. in his time, he was weak gave away everything to everybody so bad for the usa. also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? sad! only negative questions asked.
if i wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, russia, russia, russia, and the impeachment hoax, i’d be up by 25 points on sleepy joe and the do nothing democrats. very unfair, but it is what it is!!!
. seanparnellusa is a superstar running against a lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy nancy pelosi
i built the greatest economy in the world, the best the u.s. has ever had. i am doing it again!
opinion editor at nytimes just walked out. that’s right, he quit over the excellent op-ed penned by our great senator tomcottonar. transparency! the state of arkansas is very proud of tom. the new york times is fake news!!!
“if biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his philadelphia address. he criticized cops far more than he did arsonists looters.” michael goodwin, nypost
...i know ronny well. he will never let you down. solid as a rock. ronny has my complete and total endorsement! tx13 maga …
. ronnyjackson4tx is a spectacular man. an admiral in the navy, he is a brave and loyal warrior who loves our military and vets. as a medical doctor, ronny is great on healthcare and he is strong on cutting taxes, the border and the second amendment...
congressman jeff van drew @ vandrewfornj) is a courageous leader who defended me against pelosi’s impeachment scam and is a conservative who shares our republican values. jeff is a fighter for south jersey and will always put america first. vote for jeff! …
congressman mark amodei @ amodeifornevada) is working hard for the incredible people of nevada! he is strong on immigration, taxes, job creation and he loves our military and vets. mark has my complete and total endorsement! nv02 maga
governor doug burgum @ dougfordakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading north dakota! he is a true conservative, and first lady kathryn burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. doug has my complete and total endorsement! ndgov …
congresswoman carol miller @ carolmillerwv) is a tremendous advocate for the people of west virginia! she fights for our coal miners, the second amendment and for lower taxes. carol has my complete and total endorsement! wv03 …
congressman alex mooney @ mooneyforwv) is a champion for west virginia! he is strong on life and the second amendment, and he works hard for our incredible veterans and coal miners. alex has my complete and total endorsement! wv02 …
unlike senator manchin, big jim justice was very loyal to your favorite president during pelosi’s impeachment scam. big jim is doing a tremendous job for west virginia. vote for big jim! maga
we need karenhandel back in congress to fight for the incredible people of georgia! she is a tremendous advocate for our military, vets, border security and the second amendment. karen has my complete and total endorsement! ga06 …
congressman austin scott @ austinscott4ga) is doing a phenomenal job for the great state of georgia. he works hard for our incredible farmers, military, vets and the second amendment. austin has my complete and total endorsement! ga08 …
congressman buddy carter @ buddy_carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of georgia. buddy has my complete and total endorsement! vote for buddy! ga01 …
congressman joe wilson is a champion for the people of south carolina! he served our country as a colonel in the army, and now he serves our military vets in congress. strong on the 2a and border security! joe has my complete total endorsement! sc02 …
senator lindseygrahamsc is a good friend and strong voice for the people of south carolina. he’s helped us confirm great judges, rebuild the military, and keep our country safe. strong on life and our vets. lindsey has my complete and total endorsement! …
at the request of senjohnkennedy @ senbillcassidy of the great state of louisiana, i will be approving signing today an emergency declaration which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. fema is already there. god bless you!
somebody please tell highly overrated colin powell that i will have gotten almost 300 federal judges approved (a record), two great supreme court justices, rebuilt our once depleted military, choice for vets, biggest ever tax regulation cuts, saved healthcare 2a, much more!
fantastic job on foxandfriends by new republican superstar seanparnellusa, running for congress (with my complete total endorsement) against a crazy nancy pelosi puppet (who has done nothing!), a slightly older republican superstar, govmikehuckabee. thank you to both!
colin powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous middle east wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, sleepy joe biden. didn’t powell say that iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” they didn’t, but off we went to war!
not only will sleepy joe biden defund the police, but he will defund our military! he has no choice, the dems are controlled by the radical left.
i have just given an order for our national guard to start the process of withdrawing from washington, d.c., now that everything is under perfect control. they will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!
sleepy joe biden and the radical left democrats want to “defund the police”. i want great and well paid law enforcement. i want law order!
. cnn msdnc are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. fortunately they have a very small audience!
much smaller crowd in d.c. than anticipated. national guard, secret service, and d.c. police have been doing a fantastic job. thank you!
law order!
wow! 96% approval rating in the republican party (and i believe this was before the “great” jobs numbers yesterday). thank you!
riot gear or military control is not necessary because antifa other wacko groups of anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. incredible people. thank you maine! …
great new book by pastordscott called “nothing to lose”. the pastor is a winner and a great guy. much can be learned from him. buy the book. make him a big deal author!
“this is a flat out lie. they (the media) are making things up” charleshurt ingrahamangle the lamestream media is out of control. it would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!
crazy! …
biden wants to defund the police! …
we will always defend. great job jay! …
you must be kidding??? this is a total disgrace! …
thank you maine! mag
twitter pulls trump campaign video of president showing empathy for peaceful protesters they are fighting hard for the radical left democrats. a one sided battle. illegal. section 230!
democrat john hickenlooper held in contempt after failing to comply with subpoena over ethics complaint got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. should be the end of his colorado senate bid. makes no difference, we already have a great senator!
what a fantastic group! …
great! …
. mayorbowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like washington, d.c. if the great men and women of the national guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart mayor in minneapolis!
...we should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. there are other things you can protest, but not our great american flag no kneeling!
i am a big fan of drew brees. i think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent american flag. old glory is to be revered, cherished, and flown high...
...over the last number of nights. if she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!
the incompetent mayor of washington, d.c., mayorbowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the national guard, who saved her from great embarrassment...
i just signed the paycheck protection program flexibility act to further improve our very popular and successful program to help small businesses. thank you to our great republican senators! senatemajldr marcorubio senatorcollins stevedaines senthomtillis sencorygardne
greatest top five monthly jobs gains in history. we are #1
“really great numbers by any standard unbelievable!” joesquawk joe go it right also!
it is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! cnbc
it’s a stupendous number. it’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. the market was right. it’s stunning! jimcramer cnbc
oh no, the dems are worried again. the only one that can kill this comeback is sleepy joe biden!
congratulations to wonderful charles payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. market up big!!!
i will be doing a news conference at 10:00 a.m. on the jobs numbers! white house.
this is an amazing jobs report! edward lawrence foxnews
i am so stunned. i’ve never seen numbers like this and i’ve been doing this for 30 years! steve m. mariabartiromo
these numbers are incredible! mariabartiromo
really big jobs report. great going president trump (kidding but true)!
no contest. steve blows him away. so important for montana. i’ll be there to help steve win big!!! …
true. steve is a great senator. need him badly in washington. complete and total endorsement! …
great going mike! …
thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man passed to run voice of america. trying for 25 years and you got it done jim. idaho is proud of you! …
great going brad! …
we just landed wisconsin a massive navy shipbuilding contract. beautiful designs! …
usa! …
so great to have michael home. just arrived. very exciting. thank you to iran. don’t wait until after u.s. election to make the big deal. i’m going to win. you’ll make a better deal now! …
a must watch! …
sleepy joe biden’s 1994 crime bill was a total disaster. it was mass incarceration for black people, many of them innocent. i did criminal justice reform, something obama biden didn’t even try to do & couldn’t do even if they did try. biden can never escape his crime bill!
...unrelated, i gave alaska anwr, major highways, and more. get any candidate ready, good or bad, i don’t care, i’m endorsing. if you have a pulse, i’m with you!
few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but i do, in the great state of alaska (which i love) campaigning against senator lisa murkowski. she voted against healthcare, justice kavanaugh, and much else...
“police groups break with biden” politico his handlers want him to “defund the police.” i want more money for law enforcement!
great to be with our wonderful men and women of the secretservice. what a job they are doing
the problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. i did fire james mattis. he was no good for obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!
...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. they all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!
john kelly didn’t know i was going to fire james mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. why would i tell him, he was not...
the problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our country)!
...michael is tough, smart, and loves our country. this has been a big battle in congress for 25 years. thank you to our great republican senate! senatecloakroom
congratulations to michael pack! nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for america. why? because he is going to be running the voice of america @ voanews), and everything associated with it...
i thought this letter from respected retired marine and super star lawyer, john dowd, would be of interest to the american people. read it
you don’t burn churches in america!
...to the united states! we have now brought more than 40 american hostages and detainees back home since i took office. thank you to iran, it shows a deal is possible!
i just got off the phone with former american hostage michael white, who is now in zurich after being released from iran. he will be on a u.s. plane shortly, and is coming home...
the radical left democrats new theme is “defund the police”. remember that when you don’t want crime, especially against you and your family. this is where sleepy joe is being dragged by the socialists. i am the complete opposite, more money for law enforcement! lawandorder
....i will never stop working to secure the release of all americans held hostage overseas! thank you switzerland for your great assistance.
i am to happy announce that navy veteran, michael white, who has been detained by iran for 683 days, is on a swiss plane that just left iranian airspace. we expect him to be home with his family in america very soon....
please let this serve as my complete and total endorsement of a great fighter and ally in north carolina, lyndabennettnc. she is strong on crime, borders, military, our great vets 2a. she will be a great help to me in dc. early voting starts today. we need lynda bennett! nc11
disgraceful! …
make america great again!
law order!
the fake newspaper! …
true! …
mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that i must be the most honest man in america! …
how are they doing together? …
so many people hurt! …
no. roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal witch hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. he can sleep well at night! …
interesting! …
great book. make charlie number one again! …
section 230! …
good work ted! …
thank you matt! …
unfair! …
this witch hunt should never have begun! …
nasty! …
caught! …
yes! …
wow. very impressive josh! …
great job ted. country is proud of you!!! …
fbi doj had no evidence to start an investigation against president trump. foxnews “these are people with subversive actions and outright lies. they doctored documents.” jasoninthehouse now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!
they spied on the trump campaign, and got caught!!! …
i feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. not everyone agrees with me, but i have little doubt. watch for september, october, november. next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the stock market now!
...his primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. i gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. i didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. glad he is gone!
probably the only thing barack obama i have in common is that we both had the honor of firing jim mattis, the world’s most overrated general. i asked for his letter of resignation, felt great about it. his nickname was “chaos”, which i didn’t like, changed to “mad dog”...
....the possible exception of another republican president, the late, great, abraham lincoln...and it’s not even close. the democrats know this, and so does the fake news, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! see “pinned” above.
in 3 1/2 years, i’ve done much more for our black population than joe biden has done in 43 years. actually, he set them back big time with his crime bill, which he doesn’t even remember. i’ve done more for black americans, in fact, than any president in u.s. history, with...
if you watch fake news cnn or msdnc, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, antifa others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the whole wide world. no, they are what they are very bad for our country!
really sick to watch the fake and totally slanted news(?) coming out of msdnc and cnn. it bears no relationship to the truth or facts. they are merely offshoots of the dnc, much like the nytimes and the amazon washingtonpost. just like 2016, but worse. sad, but we will win big!
law order!
congratulations to randy feenstra on your big win in the iowa republican primary. you will be a great congressman!
the knew it was fake and went with it anyway. lamestream media is corrupt! …
the national guard is ready! …
get tough police! …
undercover huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real johnwhuber did absolutely nothing. he was a garbage disposal unit for important documents then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along run out of time. a.g. jeff sessions was played like a drum!
fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. people are tired of his act. cnn is dying! …
so true! …
thank you ted. they got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again spied on. makes watergate look like small potatoes! obamagate! …
i agree, unlike other states that are poorly run managed, texas is in great shape...and the southern border wall, which is going up fast, puts it in even better position! …
so pathetic to watch the fake news lamestream media playing down the gravity and depravity of the radical left, looters and thugs, ripping up our liberal democrat run (only) cities. it is almost like they are all working together?
burgess owens, utah. “we weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” ingrahamangle foxnews thank you burgess. working hard!
new york’s finest are not being allowed to perform their magic but regardless, and with the momentum that the radical left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. nyc is totally out of control. nycmayor @ nygovcuomo must put down rioting now!
“chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over new york.” foxnews when will governor cuomo call the federal government for help?
media falsely claimed violent riots were peaceful and that tear gas was used against rioters fake news is hurting our country so badly. don’t burn down churches. this article is a must read!
you got it wrong! if the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the church on fire the night before? people liked my walk to this historic place of worship! sen. susan collins, sen. james lankford, sen. ben sasse. please read mzhemingway below. …
our highest respect to the family of david dorn, a great police captain from st. louis, who was viciously shot and killed by de looters last night. we honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. thank you
...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the state. because of nc_governor, we are now forced to seek another state to host the 2020 republican national convention.
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. governor cooper is still in shelter-in-place mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. would have showcased beautiful north carolina to the world, and brought in hundreds of...
had long planned to have the republican national convention in charlotte, north carolina, a place i love. now, nc_governor roy cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the spectrum arena spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and...
“media falsely claimed violent riots were peaceful and that tear gas was used against rioters” …
washington, d.c., was the safest place on earth last night!
sleepy joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. now he pretends to have the answers. he doesn’t even know the questions. weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and joe has been politically weak all of his life. law order!
macy’s at 34th. street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, a point of pride in nyc, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. what a shame. bring in national guard!
...and the best is yet to come!
my admin has done more for the black community than any president since abraham lincoln. passed opportunity zones with senatortimscott, guaranteed funding for hbcu’s, school choice, passed criminal justice reform, lowest black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history…
decorated combat vet marthamcsally has a great new book, dare to fly, which tells her story as the first american woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. she’s tough, tested, and true. a real fighter for arizona. get her book today at !
great new book out today by dineshdsouza get your copy today! …
new york city put on an 11:00 p.m. curfew last night. no wonder they ripped the place apart. should be 7:00 p.m. call up the national guard. savenyc
silent majority!
nyc, call up the national guard. the lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. act fast! don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the nursing homes!!!
republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on november 3rd. make america great again!
vaccines are coming along really well. likewise therapeutics. moving faster than anticipated. good news ahead (in many ways)!
yesterday was a bad day for the cuomo brothers. new york was lost to the looters, thugs, radical left, and all others forms of lowlife scum. the governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating national guard. nyc was ripped to pieces. likewise, fredo’s ratings are down 50%!
chris jacobs @ jacobsny27) will be a tremendous congressman who will always fight for new york. he is strong on the border, our military and vets, and the second amendment. chris has my complete and total endorsement! vote for chris on june 23! ny27 …
congressman dusty johnson @ dustyjohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of south dakota! he helped us deliver usmca for our farmers, and he is strong on the border and our second amendment. dusty has my complete and total endorsement! sdal …
senator mike rounds @ roundsforsenate) continues to deliver for south dakota! mike is working hard for our incredible farmers and he is strong on trade, military, our vets, and the second amendment. mike has my complete and total endorsement! sdsen
congressman mike simpson @ mikesimpson4id) is a tremendous champion for idaho! mike is working hard for our incredible farmers, and he strongly supports our military, vets and the second amendment. mike has my complete and total endorsement! id02 …
congressman russ fulcher @ russfulcher) is an incredible representative for the people of idaho! he fully supports the border wall, life, our vets and the second amendment. russ has my complete and total endorsement! id01
congressman greg pence @ gregpencein) is doing a phenomenal job for indiana. his brother, our great vice president mike pence, and i need greg to help us keep our country safe and fight for our maga agenda. greg has my complete total endorsement! in06 …
congressman jim banks @ jim_banks) is a fighter for indiana! a highly respected navy officer, jim works hard for our vets and small businesses. strongly supports the second amendment and our border wall! jim has my complete and total endorsement! in03 …
congresswoman jackie walorski @ jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for indiana. she fights for small businesses, the economy, and our incredible military and vets! jackie has my complete and total endorsement! in02
congressman andy harris @ harris4congress) is a tremendous advocate for maryland! a highly respected physician, andy fights for the second amendment, border security and our incredible farmers. andy has my complete and total endorsement! md01 …
d.c. had no problems last night. many arrests. great job done by all. overwhelming force. domination. likewise, minneapolis was great (thank you president trump!).
thank you mark! …
fake news. couldn’t hear them during speech! …
can’t let this happen! …
great! …
yes! …
my fellow americans my first and highest duty as president is to defend our great country and the american people. i swore an oath to uphold the laws of our nation -- and that is exactly what i will do
i will be delivering brief remarks from the rose garden at 6:30 p.m. eastern to update on the federal response.
100% correct. thank you tom! …
anarchists, we see you
“trump” is leading in all swing states. heavily biased democrat poll, just like 2016. biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! …
sleepy joe biden’s people are so radical left that they are working to get the anarchists out of jail, and probably more. joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not joe. they will be calling the shots! big tax increases for all, plus!
november 3rd.
“these were the people that trashed seattle years ago. who’s paying for these people. i was appalled that 13 of joe biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in minneapolis. they should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” newtgingrich foxandfriends
“i don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. this is an antifa organization. it seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was occupy wall street. it’s the same mindset.” kilmeade foxandfriends true!
fake news!
law order!
our national guard stopped them cold last night. should have been called up sooner! …
get tough democrat mayors and governors. these people are anarchists. call in our national guard now. the world is watching and laughing at you and sleepy joe. is this what america wants? no!!!
law order in philadelphia, now! they are looting stores. call in our great national guard like they finally did (thank you president trump) last night in minneapolis. is this what voters want with sleepy joe? all dems!
the lamestream media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. as long as everybody understands what they are doing, that they are fake news and truly bad people with a sick agenda, we can easily work through them to greatness!
the united states of america will be designating antifa as a terrorist organization.
other democrat run cities and states should look at the total shutdown of radical left anarchists in minneapolis last night. the national guard did a great job, and should be used in other states before it is too late!
congratulations to our national guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in minneapolis, minnesota, last night. the antifa led anarchists, among others, were shut down quickly. should have been done by mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!
let new york’s finest be new york’s finest. there is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job!
the national guard has been released in minneapolis to do the job that the democrat mayor couldn’t do. should have been used 2 days ago there would not have been damage police headquarters would not have been taken over ruined. great job by the national guard. no games!
mn gov. walz: we estimate 80% of the rioters are from out of state via breitbartnews
hopefully a great, successful and safe rocket launch. lifting off soon!?!? foxnews oann
80% of the rioters in minneapolis last night were from out of state. they are harming businesses (especially african american small businesses), homes, and the community of good, hardworking minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families.
much more “disinformation” coming out of cnn, msdnc, nytimes and washingtonpost, by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. fake news is the enemy of the people!
crossing state lines to incite violence is a federal crime! liberal governors and mayors must get much tougher or the federal government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our military and many arrests. thank you!
here we go again. fake news cnn is blaming russia, russia, russia. they are sick losers with very bad ratings! p.s. can’t blame china because they need the cash?
it’s antifa and the radical left. don’t lay the blame on others!
mayor jacob frey of minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great general douglas mcarthur or great fighter general george patton. how come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by liberal democrats? get tough and fight (and arrest the bad ones). strength!
these are “organized groups” that have nothing to do with george floyd. sad!
the professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the white house had little to do with the memory of george floyd. they were just there to cause trouble. the secretservice handled them easily. tonight, i understand, is maga night at the white house???
....good practice.” as you saw last night, they were very cool very professional. never let it get out of hand. thank you! on the bad side, the d.c. mayor, murielbowser, who is always looking for money help, wouldn’t let the d.c. police get involved. “not their job.” nice!
....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs, and most ominous weapons, i have ever seen. that’s when people would have been really badly hurt, at least. many secret service agents just waiting for action. “we put the young ones on the front line, sir, they love it, and....
....got too frisky or out of line, they would quickly come down on them, hard didn’t know what hit them. the front line was replaced with fresh agents, like magic. big crowd, professionally organized, but nobody came close to breaching the fence. if they had they would....
great job last night at the white house by the u.s. secretservice. they were not only totally professional, but very cool. i was inside, watched every move, and couldn’t have felt more safe. they let the “protesters” scream rant as much as they wanted, but whenever someone....
time for a change! #2020 …
....it was spoken as a fact, not as a statement. it’s very simple, nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters, and those looking to cause trouble on social media. honor the memory of george floyd!
looting leads to shooting, and that’s why a man was shot and killed in minneapolis on wednesday night or look at what just happened in louisville with 7 people shot. i don’t want this to happen, and that’s what the expression put out last night means....
revoke 230!
the national guard has arrived on the scene. they are in minneapolis and fully prepared. george floyd will not have died in vain. respect his memory!!!
china!
“regulate twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech.” judgejeanine foxandfriends well, as they have just proven conclusively, that’s what they are doing. repeal section 230!!!
“the president has been targeted by twitter.” mariabartiromo what about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by adam schiff, and so many others, on the russian witch hunt plus, plus, plus? what about china’s propaganda? who’s mistakes? no flags? foxandfriends
twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies propaganda being put out by china or the radical left democrat party. they have targeted republicans, conservatives the president of the united states. section 230 should be revoked by congress. until then, it will be regulated!
....these thugs are dishonoring the memory of george floyd, and i won’t let that happen. just spoke to governor tim walz and told him that the military is with him all the way. any difficulty and we will assume control but, when the looting starts, the shooting starts. thank you!
i can’t stand back watch this happen to a great american city, minneapolis. a total lack of leadership. either the very weak radical left mayor, jacob frey, get his act together and bring the city under control, or i will send in the national guard get the job done right.....
mail-in voting will lead to massive fraud and abuse. it will also lead to the end of our great republican party. we can never let this tragedy befall our nation. big mail-in victory in texas court today. congrats!!!
. facebook ceo mark zuckerberg is today criticizing twitter. “we have a different policy than twitter on this. i believe strongly that facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.” did twitter criticize obama for his “you can keep your dr.”?
…
i’m proud to commit $40.9m in usdot funding to milwaukee’s east-west bus rapid transit project. bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. love wisconsin! ridemcts
ogden, utah, i am committing $64.5m to build bus service between weber state university and mckay-dee hospital—very important services for utahans! rideuta
. usdot is committing $99.95m to pghtransit in pennsylvania to connect pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe, quick transit service. great things coming to a great state!
max red line in oregon is set to receive $99.99m in usdot funds to reduce delays in the portland area, connect citizens to very important locations, and make transit great! trimet
i am proud to commit $60.9m in usdot funding to provide a brand new bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the albany, ny area—more help coming to the people of new york! cdta
indiana is set to receive $100m in usdot transit funds for the southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the state and the chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. govholcomb has worked very hard on this project!
big announcement for the state of indiana! $77.5m committed in usdot funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of indianapolis and lawrence.
i’m excited to commit $100m to miamidadecounty, fl in usdot funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service! fast, safe, and beautiful infrastructure!
. usdot is committing $21.8m for the first transit project of this kind in the tampa bay region. it will connect st. petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with free wifi. will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the great state of florida!
very exciting news for the phoenix area— usdot is committing $100m to valleymetro for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches, emergency services, and more!
so ridiculous to see twitter trying to make the case that mail-in ballots are not subject to fraud. how stupid, there are examples, cases, all over the place. our election process will become badly tainted a laughingstock all over the world. tell that to your hater yoyoel
the men and women of the national guard have been doing a great job fighting the coronavirus. this week, i will extend their title 32 orders through mid-august, so they can continue to help states succeed in their response and recovery efforts.
thank you to our great republican congressmen congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a fisa bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the greatest political crime in the history of the u.s., the russian witch-hunt. fantastic job!
all over the world the coronavirus, a very bad “gift” from china, marches on. not good!
we have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100,000. to all of the families friends of those who have passed, i want to extend my heartfelt sympathy love for everything that these great people stood for represent. god be with you!
this will be a big day for social media and fairness!
so many different viewpoints! …
@ usattyhuber whatever happen to john huber?
the greatest political crime in usa history! …
yet she doesn’t let people even breath in michigan. a very bad double standard! …
trump on russia hoax: ‘when the papers come out’ we will learn obama ‘knew everything’ …
thank you cowboys. see you in new mexico! …
he looks better! …
texas supreme court: lack of immunity to covid-19 alone not enough to vote by mail big win in texas on the dangerous mail in voting scam!
big tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to censor in advance of the 2020 election. if that happens, we no longer have our freedom. i will never let it happen! they tried hard in 2016, and lost. now they are going absolutely crazy. stay tuned!!!
"he is arguably the greatest president in our history.” thank you loudobbs
....i have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. my heart goes out to george’s family and friends. justice will be served!
at my request, the fbi and the department of justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in minnesota of george floyd....
if the fisa bill is passed tonight on the house floor, i will quickly veto it. our country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. the massive abuse of fisa was a big part of it!
thank you to nasa and spacex for their hard work and leadership. look forward to being back with you on saturday!
warrantless surveillance of americans is wrong!
twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. big action to follow!
the radical left lamestream media, together with their partner, the do nothing democrats, are trying to spread a new narrative that president trump was slow in reacting to covid 19. wrong, i was very fast, even doing the ban on china long before anybody thought necessary!
psycho joe scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a cold case. he knows what is happening!
we pass 15,000,000 tests today, by far the most in the world. open safely!
we are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in afghanistan. after 19 years, it is time for them to police their own country. bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!
obamagate makes watergate look like small potatoes!
new papers make clear that the obama administration spied, in an unprecedented manner, on the trump campaign and beyond, and even on the united states senate. nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful usa!
we have informed both india and china that the united states is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. thank you!
....happen again. just like we can’t let large scale mail-in ballots take root in our country. it would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of ballots. whoever cheated the most would win. likewise, social media. clean up your act, now!!!!
republicans feel that social media platforms totally silence conservatives voices. we will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. we saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. we can’t let a more sophisticated version of that....
former cbs reporter one of the first ‘to identify myself as a target of illegal spying under obama admin’ …
congratulations to author nick adams on the simonschuster publication of your new book, “trump and churchill, defenders of western civilization”. certainly a great honor to be compared, in any way, to winston churchill. nickadamsinusa
the failing nytimes, winner of pulitzerprizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal russia witch hunt, does its research as follows: think of the absolute worst things you can say about donald j. trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. return the pulitzers!
great news: the boring but very nasty magazine, the atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. this is a tough time to be in the fake news business!
....twitter is completely stifling free speech, and i, as president, will not allow it to happen!
. twitter is now interfering in the 2020 presidential election. they are saying my statement on mail-in ballots, which will lead to massive corruption and fraud, is incorrect, based on fact-checking by fake news cnn and the amazon washington post....
i hope all republican house members vote no on fisa until such time as our country is able to determine how and why the greatest political, criminal, and subversive scandal in usa history took place!
....a total double standard. the only thing the dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the fake news lamestream media!
didn’t obama, whose administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the trump campaign, recently also get caught playing golf on a course in virginia, despite his wife michelle urging people to stay home, before and after his round, in a major public service message?
how brilliant are our farmers? thank you lgutwein99_31, real talent! mag
....one person lost to this invisible virus is too much, it should have been stopped at its source, china, but i acted very quickly, and made the right decisions. many of the current political complainers thought, at the time, that i was moving far to fast, like crazy nancy!
for all of the political hacks out there, if i hadn’t done my job well, early, we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 million people, as opposed to the 100,000 plus that looks like will be the number. that’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. i shut down entry from china very early!
we made most governors look very good, even great, by getting them the ventilators, unlimited testing, and supplies, all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. so they look great, and i just keep rolling along, doing great things and getting fake lamestream news!
stock market up big, dow crosses 25,000. s&p 500 over 3000. states should open up asap. the transition to greatness has started, ahead of schedule. there will be ups and downs, but next year will be one of the best ever!
....about whether or not joe could have done such a horrible thing? maybe or maybe not, but i find joe to be a total nut job, and i knew him well, far better than most. so many unanswered obvious questions, but i won’t bring them up now! law enforcement eventually will?
the opening of a cold case against psycho joe scarborough was not a donald trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before i joined the chorus. in 2016 when joe his wacky future ex-wife, mika, would endlessly interview me, i would always be thinking....
sean parnell is an american hero. conor lamb has proven to be an american fraud, and a puppet for crazy nancy pelosi. he said he would not vote for her for speaker, and did. will kill 2a. voted to impeach (on nothing). a total complete sean parnell endorsement! …
....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. that will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. this will be a rigged election. no way!
there is no way (zero!) that mail-in ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged even illegally printed out fraudulently signed. the governor of california is sending ballots to millions of people, anyone.....
joe biden’s handling of the h1n1 swine flu was a complete and total disaster. even polls on the matter were terrible!
great reviews on our handling of covid 19, sometimes referred to as the china virus. ventilators, testing, medical supply distribution, we made a lot of governors look very good and got no credit for so doing. most importantly, we helped a lot of great people!
nobody in 50 years has been weaker on china than sleepy joe biden. he was asleep at the wheel. he gave them everything they wanted, including rip-off trade deals. i am getting it all back!
sleepy joe biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when i banned, in late january, people coming in from china. he called me “xenophobic” then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people until he was told they were american citizens coming home. he later apologized!
....hawaii in a big, fully loaded 747, to play. what did that do to the so-called carbon footprint? he also played moments after the brutal killing by isis of a wonderful young man. totally inappropriate and it was me who shattered 100% of the isis caliphate. i was left a mess!
....3 months and, if i waited 3 years, they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway. they are sick with hatred and dishonesty. they are truly deranged! they don’t mention sleepy joe’s poor work ethic, or all of the time obama spent on the golf course, often flying to....
some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps, even a little exercise, i played golf over the weekend. the fake totally corrupt news makes it sound like a mortal sin i knew this would happen! what they don’t say is that it was my first golf in almost...
…
transition to greatness! get ready, it is already happening again!
happy memorial day!
...to find, with all of the jobs and economic development it brings, another republican national convention site. this is not something i want to do. thank you, and i love the people of north carolina!
...made by many thousands of enthusiastic republicans, and others, to head to beautiful north carolina in august. they must be immediately given an answer by the governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. if not, we will be reluctantly forced...
...full attendance in the arena. in other words, we would be spending millions of dollars building the arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the democrat governor would allow the republican party to fully occupy the space. plans are being....
i love the great state of north carolina, so much so that i insisted on having the republican national convention in charlotte at the end of august. unfortunately, democrat governor, roycoopernc is still in shutdown mood unable to guarantee that by august we will be allowed...
make america great again!
obamagate!
schools in our country should be opened asap. much very good information now available. stevehiltonx foxnews
having the g7 meeting in washington is very important for those countries, and the world! …
among many other very important events, meetings, and calls! …
i give, and have given from the beginning, my entire yearly salary, $400,000 to $450,000, back to our government. last check to hhs covid relief. my great honor! …
...vacationing, relaxing making shady deals with other countries, that barack was always playing golf, doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in hawaii once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by isis!
sleepy joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that i went to play golf (exercise) today. they think i should stay in the white house at all times. what they didn’t say is that it’s the first time i’ve played golf in almost 3 months, that biden was constantly.....
the democrats are trying to rig the 2020 election, plain and simple! …
a disgrace. total corruption! …
thank you. we love our boaters! …
be sure to watch, “witch hunt, the flynn vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable greggjarrett on foxnews tonight at 8:00 p.m. this is yet another part of the greatest criminal hoax in american history!
you are right! …
i always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me. that’s why i am supporting a true conservative, danjohnstonnd for state treasurer of north dakota!
cases, numbers and deaths are going down all over the country!
a lot of interest in this story about psycho joe scarborough. so a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office, hit her head on his desk, die? i would think there is a lot more to this story than that? an affair? what about the so-called investigator? read story! …
allen, get well soon! …
the united states cannot have all mail in ballots. it will be the greatest rigged election in history. people grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. also, forge names. some absentee ok, when necessary. trying to use covid for this scam!
“full measure with sheryl attkisson” interview on abc at 10:00 a.m. sunday. enjoy!
michael moore torches biden: he lacks ‘necessary enthusiasm‘ to beat trump via breitbartnews. well, he was right in 2016, and we do have great enthusiasm. many say, done a fantastic job! djt
thank you herschel! …
i hope all african americans will read and study this. 100% correct. sleepy joe will never get you there. he never has in the past. i will have!!! …
many physicians agree with you. also, some very good studies! stevefda us_fda …
true! …
a blow to her head? body found under his desk? left congress suddenly? big t discussion in florida...and, he’s a nut job (with bad ratings). keep digging, use forensic geniuses! …
thank you! …
transition to greatness!
make america great again!
....price. you should drop out of the race pray that super liberal dougjones, a weak pathetic puppet for crazy nancy pelosi cryin’ chuck schumer, gets beaten badly. he voted for impeachment based on “zero”. disgraced alabama. coach ttuberville will be a great senator!
jeff, you had your chance you blew it. recused yourself on day one (you never told me of a problem), and ran for the hills. you had no courage, ruined many lives. the dirty cops, others, got caught by better stronger people than you. hopefully this slime will pay a big... …
who are the 4%? a rino or two! …
sleepy joe cannot bring us to greatness. he is the reason i’m here! …
...and sleepy joe! …
all things that i have gotten done, including criminal justice reform! …
sean parnell is a star. we need him in washington to drain the swamp! …
patriots! …
so bad! …
caught in the act! …
admiral ronny jackson @ ronnyjackson4tx) is a very successful doctor and navy veteran running for congress in tx13. strong on crime, the border and agriculture and he loves our vets! ronny has my complete and total endorsement! vote for ronny! …
we need karenhandel back in congress to fight for the incredible people of georgia! she is a tremendous advocate for our military, vets, border security and the second amendment. karen has my complete and total endorsement! ga06 …
congressman guy reschenthaler @ reschenthaler) is doing tremendous work for the people of pennsylvania! a navy veteran, guy strongly supports our vets, borders, and always votes to uphold the rule of law. guy has my complete and total endorsement! pa14 …
congressman john joyce @ johnjoyceforpa) is a fighter for the commonwealth of pennsylvania! john loves our vets, military and small businesses and always defends life and the second amendment. john has my complete and total endorsement! pa13 …
sean @ seanparnellusa) has my complete and total endorsement! pa17 …
congressman mike kelly @ mikekellyforpa) is an incredible advocate for pennsylvania! he fights to lower your taxes, create jobs, protect our borders, and defend the second amendment. mike has my complete and total endorsement! pa16 …
congressman fred keller @ votefredkeller) has been doing a phenomenal job in congress since his special election! he strongly supports our vets, small businesses, workers, and the second amendment. fred has my complete and total endorsement! pa12 …
congressman glenn “gt” thompson @ gt_teamgt) is a hard worker for pennsylvania! the "dean of the delegation", he strongly supports our incredible farmers, vets and the second amendment. “gt” has my complete and total endorsement! pa15 …
congressman scott perry @ patriotsperry) is an incredible fighter for pennsylvania! he served our country as an army general and now he fights for our seniors, vets, military, and the second amendment. scott has my complete and total endorsement! pa10 …
congressman lloyd smucker @ lloydsmuckerpa) is working hard for the people of pennsylvania! lloyd strongly supports the second amendment, and he’s fighting for our incredible workers, military and vets. lloyd has my complete and total endorsement! pa11 …
congressman dan meuser @ meuser4congress) is a tremendous advocate for pennsylvania! dan loves our military, vets and the second amendment a real supporter of our maga agenda. dan has my complete and total endorsement! pa09 …
lisa scheller @ schellerforpa) will fight for the incredible people of pennsylvania in congress! she strongly supports our military, vets, small businesses and the second amendment. lisa has my complete and total endorsement! pa07 …
david young @ youngforiowa) is a champion for iowa! he helped us pass the trump tax cuts and he will always fight for our small businesses, military, the second amendment and our great farmers! david has my complete total endorsement! ia03 …
ashley hinson @ hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the people of iowa! she will fight for our military, vets, small businesses, our incredible farmers—a true supporter of our maga agenda! ashley has my complete and total endorsement! ia01 …
3 years ago, after jeff sessions recused himself, the fraudulent mueller scam began. alabama, do not trust jeff sessions. he let our country down. that’s why i endorsed coach tommy tuberville @ ttuberville), the true supporter of our maga agenda! … …
....beginning, was forced to apologize (fake news!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 election, and is now willing to write anything, even if not truthful. he laughs at his boss, publisher a.g. sulzberger, and i laugh at them all. the nytimes is a total mess!
. deanbaquet is to be seriously respected. he has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism, and he became executive editor of the failing new york times. not easy to do. he has given up on “figuring trump out”. called it all wrong from the....
$49.8m is on its way to dallaslovefield airport to aid in economic recovery. this federal funding will support aviation in the dallas area keep aviation workers on the job commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports. proud to support our friends in dallas!
i am proud to announce that the maryland aviation administration @ mdaviation) will receive $87.8m in cares act airport grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the u.s. capital region. very important for economic recovery!
harris is a great american
thank you! rollingtoremember
why doesn’t foxnews put up the cnbc poll or the (believe it or not!) cnn poll? hope roger a is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!
. foxnews should fire their fake pollster. never had a good fox poll! …
thank you! …
do nothing a.g. of the great state of michigan, dana nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on ford motor they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have until i came along and brought business back to michigan. jobs!
the wacky do nothing attorney general of michigan, dana nessel, is viciously threatening ford motor company for the fact that i inspected a ventilator plant without a mask. not their fault, i did put on a mask. no wonder many auto companies left michigan, until i came along!
no voter fraud! …
usa will be bigger and stronger than ever before! …
is this even possible to believe? can this be for real? where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?
“president trump is leading joe biden (d) in the battleground state of pennsylvania 50.2 percent to 45.5 percent...this is significant, as it reflects a 4.7 percent jump from the previous survey.” …
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
big day for justice. congratulations john! …
thank you! mag
…
....on monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our military who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
i will be lowering the flags on all federal buildings and national monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the americans we have lost to the coronavirus....
another $298m heading to mta, adding up to over $2b in federal funding from usdot so far, part of the $3.9b total from the cares act. this is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro nyc in recovery. we are here for the people of new york!
doj: democrats paid pennsylvania election officials to stuff ballot box via breitbartnews
....hahn, richard goodstein, donna brazile, niel cavuto, and many others. they repeat the worst of the democrat speaking points, and lies. all of the good is totally nullified, and more. net result bad! cnn msdnc are all in for the do nothing democrats! fox was great!
many will disagree, but foxnews is doing nothing to help republicans, and me, get re-elected on november 3rd. sure, there are some truly great people on fox, but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network, people like dummy juan williams, schumerite chris...
just departed the whitehouse for the great state of michigan
wow! …
china is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have sleepy joe biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the united states, as they have done for decades, until i came along!
....it all comes from the top. they could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!
spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of china, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. its disinformation and propaganda attack on the united states and europe is a disgrace....
....together, we built the greatest economy in history. we will do it again better than ever before!
great call with thousands of our hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. during this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of hispanic americans....
…
…
michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of primaries and the general election. this was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue secretary of state. i will ask to hold up funding to michigan if they want to go down this voter fraud path!
....beaten sleepy joe in a landslide, every state, if these events didn’t happen. even if warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. dems did it to him with crooked hillary and now, even more so...and bernie doesn’t even complain. vote for trump on trade, better than bs!
crazy bernie sanders is not a fighter. he gives up too easy! the dem establishment gets alfred e. newman (mayor pete) @ amyklobuchar to quit endorse sleepy joe before super tuesday, gets pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from bernie. he would have....
congratulations to my daughter, tiffany, on graduating from georgetown law. great student, great school. just what i need is a lawyer in the family. proud of you tiff!
the tulsa, oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the usdot of up to $120m to help expand highway on the gilcrease expressway west project. this will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots! govstitt
we have sent our best military @ fema teams, already there. governor must now “set you free” to help. will be with you soon! …
great news for the dallas area! dallas area rapid transit (dart) will be receiving $229m in funding to keep front line workers, and the many riders that depend on transit, employed and safe. this will be critical to economic recovery! gregabbott_tx dartmedia
my team is closely monitoring the flooding in central michigan stay safe and listen to local officials. our brave first responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens, thank you!
now that our country is “transitioning back to greatness”, i am considering rescheduling the g-7, on the same or similar date, in washington, d.c., at the legendary camp david. the other members are also beginning their comeback. it would be a great sign to all normalization!
state of nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great voter fraud scenario for the state and the u.s. they can’t! if they do, “i think” i can hold up funds to the state. sorry, but you must not cheat in elections. russvought45 ustreasury
some wacko in china just released a statement blaming everybody other than china for the virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of china”, and nothing else, that did this mass worldwide killing!
....roger stone has been treated very unfairly. how about that jury forewoman, does anybody think that was fair. disgraceful! stay tuned. foxnews and guys like low ratings psycho joe scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? open cold case!
“i said no to a deal, lou. if i would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time, i said no. this president needs to be re-elected, lou. one of the greatest presidents in my lifetime. i would never give false testimony against him.” roger stone loudobbs..
consistently great reporting by elizabeth macdonald of foxbusiness. she really understands obamagate!
yes! …
a really great woman, and what a job she is doing! …
the fake news knows this. thanks katie! …
they got caught. some very nervous criminals out there. thank you ted! …
thank you! …
thanks. sleepy joe has given you nothing, and never will! …
thank you emily! …
so true. obamagate! …
thank you senategop! …
“the massive trump coronavirus supply effort that the media loves to hate” richlowry …
i am pleased to announce that the seattle area’s soundtransit will receive over $166m in federal funds from usdot to help keep the transit system open operational, helping get people to work or make necessary trips. these funds help replace lost fare revenue, very important!
i am proud to announce the portland area’s trimet will receive over $184m in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system. this will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation!
i am proud to announce the san francisco bay area will receive over $700m in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at flysfo intl airport and for transit on sfmta_muni @ sfbart. this money will aid in economic recovery!
dc’s wmata system is getting over $876m, a big boost to stay open operating! the federal funds will keep workers paid buses trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. good news for those who rely on transit! congrats to mayorbowser all!
. foxandfriends trounces morning psycho (msdnc) in the ratings!
this is the letter sent to dr. tedros of the world health organization. it is self-explanatory
. foxnews is no longer the same. we miss the great roger ailes. you have more anti-trump people, by far, than ever before. looking for a new outlet! …
a fantastic new book, “american crusade” written by a great american patriot, petehegseth is available tomorrow! hear more about it as he joins seanhannity tonight at 9:00pme and foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 8:30ame. get your copy today
today we commemorate the 100th anniversary of the birth of saint john paul ii. happy birthday
oil (energy) is back!!!!
loser
sleepy joe is wrong again! …
so the so-called hhs whistleblower was against hydroxychloroquine. then why did he make, and sign, an emergency use authorization? norahodonnell said, “he shared his concerns with a reporter.” in other words, he leaked. a dumb 60minutes hit job on a grandstanding never trumper!
we are with them! …
.....mixed about even wanting us to get out. they make a fortune $$$ by having us stay, and except at the beginning, we never really fought to win. we are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are, especially now as rebuilt. no, i am not acting impulsively!
the wall street journal editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in afghanistan. could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years, and while soldier counts are way down now, hardly impulsive. besides, the taliban is.....
wow! the front page washingtonpost headline reads, “a boost in tests, but lack of takers.” we have done a great job on ventilators, testing, and everything else. were left little by obama. over 11 million tests, and going up fast. more than all countries in the world, combined.
transition to greatness
reopen our country!
yes! …
true, except to the fake news media and a former president who didn’t have a clue! …
this is unbelievable! …
maga crowds are bigger than ever! …
this love of country went all over. they hate fake news, and so do i! …
this seems like just yesterday when ronald recieved the congressional medal of honor. what a man! …
....this whole whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely, it is causing great injustice harm. i hope you are listening sensusancollins i also hope that shari redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. she knows how to make things right!
....spews lies. 60minutes report was incorrect, which they couldn’t care less about. fake news! i don’t know this guy, never met him, but don’t like what i see. how can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow report to secazar, his boss, after trashing him on t.v.?....
. 60minutes third place anchor, norahodonnell, are doing everything in their power to demean our country, much to the benefit of the radical left democrats. tonight they put on yet another fake “whistleblower”, a disgruntled employee who supports dems, fabricates stories, &...
enjoy the campaign joe! …
great job peter! …
100% correct! …
watch marklevinshow tonight on foxnews. he covers the russia hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the obama administration they got caught! a repeat later in evening. really something.
i think that is a great compliment. thank you james! …
they, and the lamestream media (including jake), have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me. they got caught! …
the most incompetent and corrupt administration in u.s. history! …
a cnn faker! …
the number of coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the united states, with few exceptions. very good news, indeed!
wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today! …
hard to believe considering the lamestream media is totally corrupt. the people understand! …
a great guy, a great book! …
fake journalism. so bad for our country! …
the obama administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in u.s. history. remember, he and sleepy joe are the reasons i am in the white house!!!
lacy will do a great job. omar is a corrupt disaster! …
thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” i will never let you down! mag
doing really well, medically, on solving the coronavirus situation (plague!). it will happen!
....may phyllis rest in peace. warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!
phyllis george was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. the nfl could not have made a better when they choose phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. also, a wonderful first lady of kentucky as the wife of gov. john y. brown....
great rally and fantastic job on ffweekend this morning. it is all happening! maga …
i will be interviewed by mariabartiromo at 10:00 a.m. on foxnews. thank you!
.....are therefore given massive advantages over the united states, and everyone else? prior to the plague floating in from china, our economy was blowing everybody away, the best of any country, ever. we will be there again, and soon!
why is it that china, for decades, and with a population much bigger than ours, is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to the world health organization, the united nations and, worst of all, the world trade organization, where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and...
doing a great job! …
thank you! …
obamagate!
mitch, i love you, but this is 100% true. time is running out. get tough and move quickly, or it will be too late. the dems are vicious, but got caught. they must pay a big price for what they have done to our country. don’t let them get away with this! lindseygrahamsc …
this is true. i say it all the time. the republicans must play by the same rules, or die! wow mollie, you are good. …
really sad, but even “sadder”, watch flunky lawrence cry when i whipped his mind he was forced to apologize to me over apprentice fees. even psycho cold case joe scarborough (bad ratings) beat him up, on air, unmercifully. find tapes play (5 years back?). …
amazing! …
one of a kind! …
i’m not running against sleepy joe biden. he is not even a factor. never was, remember 1% joe? i’m running against the radical left, do nothing democrats their partner, the real opposition party, the lamestream fake news media! they are vicious crazy, but we will win! …
america is proud of ron johnson. he never gives up! …
is the nfl watching? …
people can’t get enough of this. great people! …
we’ve done a great job on covid response, making all governors look good, some fantastic (and that’s ok), but the lamestream media doesn’t want to go with that narrative, and the do nothing dems talking point is to say only bad about “trump”. i made everybody look good, but me!
95% approval rating in republican party. 51% plus, overall. but you never read or see this in the fake news media. always hearing bad, made up numbers on how badly i’m doing. lamestream media is unhinged and corrupt! …
mexico must take control of this very big problem! …
lou, this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10% of what we have been paying over many years, matching much lower china payments. have not made final decision. all funds are frozen. thanks! …
“scandal has defined the obama administration.” lisamarieboothe ffweekend
so true! …
happy birthday tom! …
hello to india! …
i’ll do it again! …
my hero. new york’s finest! …
another fake whistleblower. republicans must do something about these terrible people, and now! …
“fake news is not essential!” …
…
such a wonderful reception yesterday in pennsylvania. thank you! mag
i am proud to announce that the united states will donate ventilators to our friends in india. we stand with india and narendramodi during this pandemic. we’re also cooperating on vaccine development. together we will beat the invisible enemy!
today i was presented with the brand new spaceforcedod flag in the oval office. i will take great pride in displaying it at the whitehouse
chicago’s cta has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817m will aid in the economic recovery buy made in the usa!
i am proud to announce that njtransit will receive $1.4b in cares act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the ny/nj area! the largest single federal transit grant to new jersey transit ever. together, we will prevail!
....likewise, the nytimes and washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism. they are all fake news, and they know it better than anyone else. history is unfolding, and it is not a pretty for “journalism”.
thank you to foxandfriends for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the united states, obamagate. fake news cnn and concast’s own msdnc are only trying to make their 3 year con job just go away. they are embarrassed and don’t know what to do....
it’s about time! …
great! …
where is the 302? it is missing. was it stolen or destroyed? general flynn is being persecuted! obamagate
thank you to all of my great keyboard warriors. you are better, and far more brilliant, than anyone on madison avenue (ad agencies). there is nobody like you!
thank you. my great honor! …
thanks. you are very cool! …
great work owens_minor! on behalf of the american people, thank you!
just landed in pennsylvania, see everyone soon! …
on my way, see you soon! …
on my way to pennsylvania
i am proud to announce the first $500m of $3.9b in cares act transit funding headed to the ny metropolitan transportation authority. important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work! spend it wisely! nygovcuomo nycmayor
if i were a senator or congressman, the first person i would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the usa, by far, is former president obama. he knew everything. do it lindseygrahamsc, just do it. no more mr. nice guy. no more talk!
good numbers coming out of states that are opening. america is getting its life back! vaccine work is looking very promising, before end of year. likewise, other solutions!
22-o in my endorsements of congressional candidates this season. california wisconsin won big on tuesday. thank you to all of those very brilliant voters. you will not be disappointed!
i don’t know the so-called whistleblower rick bright, never met him or even heard of him, but to me he is a disgruntled employee, not liked or respected by people i spoke to and who, with his attitude, should no longer be working for our government!
the great state of wisconsin, home to tom tiffany’s big congressional victory on tuesday, was just given another win. its democrat governor was forced by the courts to let the state open. the people want to get on with their lives. the place is bustling!
obamagate!
proud of mike! …
first time in 22 years. mike will be a great congressman! …
intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of flynn to capitol hill via politico
thank you, working hard! mag
as i have said for a long time, dealing with china is a very expensive thing to do. we just made a great trade deal, the ink was barely dry, and the world was hit by the plague from china. 100 trade deals wouldn’t make up the difference and all those innocent lives lost!
when the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market, you must always remember that some are betting big against it, and make a lot of money if it goes down. then they go positive, get big publicity, and make it going up. they get you both ways. barely legal?
obama was always wrong! …
does anybody believe this man? caught! …
“newly released documents show schiff knew all along there was no proof of russia-trump collusion.” wall street journal
big congressional win in california for mike garcia, taking back a seat from the democrats. this is the first time in many years that a california dem seat has flipped back to a republican. also, tom tiffany beat his democrat rival big in wisconsin. two great congressional wins!
women for trump co-chair: biden might not be 'ultimate nominee,' and dems engaging in 'elder abuse' …
fake pulitzerprizes must be taken back. these “journalists” got everything wrong. give them to the real journalists who got it right! …
shifty schiff exposed! …
big news: tom tiffany of the great state of wisconsin has just become congressman tom tiffany. he will do a fantastic job for the people of wisconsin, and the united states. congratulations!
as long as other countries are receiving the benefits of negative rates, the usa should also accept the “gift”. big numbers!
california should let tesla @ elonmusk open the plant, now. it can be done fast safely!
crude oil prices going up as saudi arabia cuts production levels. our great energy companies, with millions of jobs, are starting to look very good again. at the same time, gasoline prices at record lows (like a big tax cut). the best of all worlds. “transition to greatness”
wisconsin, please get out now and vote for tom tiffany for congress. a great guy!
looking forward to being in allentown, pennsylvania, on thursday. i love the state, and for very good reason!
remember this, every governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the coronavirus, and i am happy for them all, could in no way have gotten those numbers, or had that success, without me and the federal governments help. from ventilators to testing, we made it happen!
so interesting to see all of these people i beat so badly, pundits consultants that never had a chance, telling me how to run for office. many are republicans who should love our 280 new judges, rebuilt military, 2a, great v.a. low taxes, etc. just don’t like that i beat them!
our testing is the best in the world, by far! numbers are coming down in most parts of our country, which wants to open and get going again. it is happening, safely!
the american people are warriors!
transition to greatness
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! we will win against a tired, exhausted man, sleepy joe biden, in november.
asian americans are very angry at what china has done to our country, and the world. chinese americans are the most angry of all. i don’t blame them!
more than all other countries together! …
remember, get out and vote for mike garcia in ca25. a really big deal for our country!
when will they open a cold case on the psycho joe scarborough matter in florida. did he get away with murder? some people think so. why did he leave congress so quietly and quickly? isn’t it obvious? what’s happening now? a total nut job!
ratings way down, show sucks! …
obamagate makes watergate look small time! …
sleepy eyes fails again! …
big news! …
fake journalists! …
a great time to have strong borders, and we now have the strongest borders in our history. 182 miles of border wall already built! dems want open borders, let everyone in. no thanks! …
then we must be very careful. crazy nancy would be a total disaster, and the usa will never be a communist country! …
coldcasejoe! …
the lamestream media is truly out of control. look how they work (conspire!) together. they are the enemy of the people, but don’t worry, we will win in november! …
interestingly! …
obamagate
vote mikegarcia2020 by may 12th! his opponent christyforca25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. now she’s mocking our great vets! we need navy fighter pilot mike garcia in ca25! …
....he is strong on crime, the border, and second amendment. tom has deep roots in wisconsin, is a big tax cutter, and will help me drain the swamp! tom has my complete and total endorsement. vote for tom tiffany! …
tom tiffany @ tomtiffanywi) is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin (wi07). we need tom in congress to help us make america great again! he will fight for small business, supports our incredible farmers, loves our military and our vets....
congressman adrian smith is a strong fighter for nebraska. he fights for your second amendment, defends our borders, strengthens our military and loves our vets! adrian has my complete and total endorsement! ne03 …
congressman jeff fortenberry @ supportfortne) is a great advocate for nebraska. he fights for farmers, small businesses and our incredible vets and military. jeff has my complete and total endorsement! ne01 …
congressman donjbacon is doing a tremendous job for nebraska! he served our country as an air force general, and now he serves our vets, farmers, and small businesses. strongly supports the second amendment. don has my complete total endorsement! ne02
…
the enemy of the people. sadly, our lamestream media is totally corrupt! …
because it was obamagate, and he and sleepy joe led the charge. the most corrupt administration in u.s. history! …
he should be fired by concast. if done by a republican, would be “prosecuted”. ajitpaifcc …
. washtimes “fbi went rogue in pursuit of trump”
the great people of pennsylvania want their freedom now, and they are fully aware of what that entails. the democrats are moving slowly, all over the usa, for political purposes. they would wait until november 3rd if it were up to them. don’t play politics. be safe, move quickly!
obamagate makes watergate look small time!
coronavirus numbers are looking much better, going down almost everywhere. big progress being made!
dems are trying to steal the mike garcia congressional race in california. republicans, get out and vote for your terrific candidate, asap!
great credit being given for our coronavirus response, except in the fake news. they are a disgrace to america!
@ fcc this is a disgrace, even worse than nbc usually is, which is really bad. sleepy eyes must be fired! …
this is why it’s not really the lamestream media, it’s the rigged media....and it is what i’m up against. it was corrupt in 2016. now it is much more corrupt, and what you are seeing is the least of it....but we will win again! …
obamagate! …
sleepy eyes chuck todd should be fired by “concast” (nbc) for this fraud. he knew exactly what he was doing. public airwaves fake news! ajitpaifcc fcc …
he got caught, obamagate! …
thank you! …
. cbs and their show, 60minutes, are doing everything within their power, which is far less today than it was in the past, to defend china and the horrible virus pandemic that was inflicted on the usa and the rest of the world. i guess they want to do business in china!
this book is a must buy! …
obamagate!
. brianstelter is just a poor man’s lapdog for at&t! …
wow, this is big! …
thank you! …
more fake news, this time from jimmy kimmel’s last place show! …
thank you to eli lake! …
the biggest political crime in american history, by far! …
happy mother’s day!
congratulations to officer john catanzara for being elected president of the chicago police union. he always “gets the job done”. maga foxandfriends
true! …
thank you mike! …
we are getting great marks for the handling of the coronavirus pandemic, especially the very early ban of people from china, the infectious source, entering the usa. compare that to the obama/sleepy joe disaster known as h1n1 swine flu. poor marks, bad polls didn’t have a clue!
when are the fake journalists, who received unwarranted pulitzer prizes for russia, russia, russia, and the impeachment scam, going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. i’ll give you the names, there are plenty of them!
a great man for washington! will drain the swamp! …
so great to see our country starting to open up again! …
...and we caught them and their illegal activities! …
…
…
governor gavinnewsom of california won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting booth system in a highly democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, mikegarcia2020, is winning by a lot. ca25 rigged election!
starting early next week, at my order, the usa will be purchasing, from our farmers, ranchers specialty crop growers, 3 billion dollars worth of dairy, meat produce for food lines kitchens. “farmers to family food box” great news for all! secretarysonny zippyduvall
why is it that all of the political pundits consultants that i beat so easily badly, people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth, have become so totally “unhinged” when it come to your favorite president, me. these people are stone cold crazy!
...and many more! …
ca25 is a rigged election. trying to steal it from mikegarcia2020. gavinnewsom must act now!
transition to greatness!
mike has my complete total endorsement. we need him badly in washington. a great fighter pilot hero, a brilliant annapolis grad, mike will never let you down. mail in ballots, check that they are counted! …
so in california, the democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most democrat area in the state. they are trying to steal another election. it’s all rigged out there. these votes must not count. scam!
vote mikegarcia2020 by may 12th! his opponent christyforca25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. now she’s mocking our great vets! we need navy fighter pilot mike garcia in ca25! …
....he is strong on crime, the border, and second amendment. tom has deep roots in wisconsin, is a big tax cutter, and will help me drain the swamp! tom has my complete and total endorsement. vote for tom tiffany! …
tom tiffany @ tomtiffanywi) is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin (wi07). we need tom in congress to help us make america great again! he will fight for small business, supports our incredible farmers, loves our military and our vets....
…
....must read for anybody looking for u.s. security and protection. go get it now and make tom a top best seller he deserves it!
retired ice director tom homan knows more about the border and border security than anyone. he’s a tough guy, but a good guy and as smart as they come. his new book, “defend the border and save lives: solving our most important humanitarian and security crisis” is a....
drain the swamp!
yesterday was a big day for justice in the usa. congratulations to general flynn, and many others. i do believe there is much more to come! dirty cops and crooked politicians do not go well together!
i will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. enjoy!
today, flotus celebrates the two year anniversary of bebest, her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children. congratulations, and thank you!
....are getting caught doing very evil things, and republicans should take note. this was grave misconduct by the obama justice department! govchristie
congratulations to former governor of new jersey, chris christie, and all others involved, on a complete and total exoneration (with a 9-0 vote by the u.s. supreme court) on the obama doj scam referred to as “bridgegate.” the democrats....
as you know, i designated this day to be a national day of prayer. as our nation heals, our spirit has never been stronger! …
…
the fake news has reached an all time high!
....to it, as appropriate. the task force will also be very focused on vaccines therapeutics. thank you!
....gloves, gowns etc. are now plentiful. the last four governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. because of this success, the task force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on safety opening up our country again. we may add or subtract people ....
....produced in the thousands, and we have many to spare. we are helping other countries which are desperate for them. likewise, after having been left little, we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined, and with superior tests. face masks shields,....
the white house coronavirus task force, headed by vice president mike pence, has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. ventilators, which were few in bad shape, are now being....
thank you honeywell
i was thrilled to be back in the great state of arizona with the incredible, patriotic, and hardworking men and women of honeywell! …
will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 p.m. eastern with davidmuir on abcworldnews tonight.
on nationalteacherday, we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character, integrity, and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our nation’s students, thank you! …
getting ready to land in the great state of arizona!
wow! congratulations to greg gutfeld, a one time trump hater who has come all the way home. his ratings easily beat no talent stephen colbert, nice guy jimmy fallon, and wacko “last placer” jimmy kimmel. greg built his show from scratch, and did a great job in doing so. foxnews
well run states should not be bailing out poorly run states, using coronavirus as the excuse! the elimination of sanctuary cities, payroll taxes, and perhaps capital gains taxes, must be put on the table. also lawsuit indemnification business deductions for restaurants ent.
most of the money raised by the rino losers of the so-called “lincoln project”, goes into their own pockets. with what i’ve done on judges, taxes, regulations, healthcare, the military, vets (choice!) protecting our great 2a, they should love trump. problem is, i beat them all!
remember this? happy cincodemayo! …
the do nothing democrats and their leader, the fake news lamestream media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our country. no matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. the enemy of the people!
for the constant criticism from the do nothing democrats and their fake news partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle" compared to other countries. dems and lamestream media should be proud of the usa, instead of always ripping us down
governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts, which will be soon. some governors never stopped, which proved to be very smart. they built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. also, saved big dollars!
heading to arizona!
oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!
exciting to see our country starting to open up again! …
....lost for evan “mcmuffin” mcmullin (to me). steve schmidt reed galvin lost for john mccain, romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “o”, jennifer horn got thrown out of the new hampshire republican party. they’re all losers, but abe lincoln, republican, is all smiles!
....because they don’t know how to win, and their so-called lincoln project is a disgrace to honest abe. i don’t know what kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband, moonface, but it must have been really bad. john weaver lost big for kasich (to me). crazed rick wilson....
....get even for all of their many failures. you see, these loser types don’t care about 252 new federal judges, 2 great supreme court justices, a rebuilt military, a protected 2nd amendment, biggest ever tax regulation cuts, and much more. i didn’t use any of them....
a group of rino republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got badly beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from ronald reagan, “morning in america”, doing everything possible to....
thank you usnscomfort! …
msdnc and fake news cnn are going wild trying to protect china!
a great new book, “fortitude: american resilience in the era of outrage” by former navy seal, and current texas congressman dancrenshawtx, is now available. a fantastic guy get your copy today
interesting? by congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not “essential”. in any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!
mexico is sadly experiencing very big coronavirus problems, and now california, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the southern border. a classic! they are sooo lucky that i am their president. border is very tight and the wall is rapidly being built!
republicans love the biggest tax cuts, rebuilt military, choice for vets, saving 2nd amendment and many other things my administration has done, but what they love beyond all else is 252 (so far!) federal judges, not including two great supreme court justices. a big record!
and i’m endorsing you also lacy, you truly deserve it. you are doing a great job, and omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes, hates our military our vets, demands open borders, and is fighting to take away our great 2nd amendment. good luck lacy! …
getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. people are really working well together!
“concast” should open up a long overdue florida cold case against psycho joe scarborough. i know him and crazy mika well, used them beautifully in the last election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. besides, bad ratings! openjoecoldcase
i’m with the truckers all the way. thanks for the meeting at the white house with my representatives from the administration. it is all going to work out well!
thank you ryan. working hard! …
....fake news got it wrong again, as always, and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my early ban of china into our country. the people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested u.s. citizens, and as such, i welcome them with open arms!
intelligence has just reported to me that i was correct, and that they did not bring up the coronavirus subject matter until late into january, just prior to my banning china from the u.s. also, they only spoke of the virus in a very non-threatening, or matter of fact, manner...
thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” i will never let you down
....and then came a plague, a great and powerful plague, and the world was never to be the same again! but america rose from this death and destruction, always remembering its many lost souls, and the lost souls all over the world, and became greater than ever before!
so nice to see this great honor. thank you (but haven’t played golf in a long time)! …
going well despite the fake news! …
some things never get old! …
progress being made! …
thank you! …
keep punching mike! …
thank you! …
wow! …
hopefully our country will soon mend. we are all missing our wonderful rallies, and many other things! …
the fake news doesn’t show real polls. lamestream media is totally corrupt, the enemy of the people! …
. petehegseth “oh bye the way, i appreciate the message from former president bush, but where was he during impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside.” foxandfriends he was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest hoax in american history!
beautiful, thank you to our great blueangels and afthunderbirds! …
no reason to turn it down, except politics. we have plenty of testing. maybe you need a new doctor over there. crazy nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work! …
the democrats are just, as always, looking for trouble. they do nothing constructive, even in times of crisis. they don’t want to blame their cash cow, china, for the plague. china is blaming europe. dr. fauci will be testifying before the senate very soon! donothingdemocrats …
not much time to sleep. thank you! …
so true, although honest abe wasn’t bad. thank you! …
she was thrown off the view like a dog, zero t.v. personas. now wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for fake news msdnc (concast). doesn’t have what it takes! …
very cool. please thank him! …
i, for one, am glad to see he is back, and well! …
border wall is going up fast. over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! dems want open borders. i want strong borders! …
the impeachment hoax will be exposed. crazy nancy gets nothing done, that’s why she got thrown out as speaker the first time. also, she should come back to washington now! …
i hate to be promoting at&t, but oann is great news, not fake news. everybody should be carrying them! …
that’s right jack. keep up the good work! …
thank you michael. you also! …
the russia hoax is the biggest political scandal in american history. treason!!! lets see how it ends???? …
thank you! …
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! also, just out, highest ever approval rating overall in the new gallup poll, and shows “trump beating sleepy joe biden.”
there is tremendous coronavirus testing capacity in washington for the senators returning to capital hill on monday. likewise the house, which should return but isn’t because of crazy nancy p. the 5 minute abbott test will be used. please inform dr. brian p. monahan. markmeadows
…
don’t allow rigged elections! …
…
…
....together we will fight for small businesses and protect american energy workers! shelley has my complete and total endorsement! …
senator shelley moore capito @ capitoforwv) is doing a tremendous job for the great people of west virginia! she strongly defends our second amendment, supports our veterans and is strong on life and the border....
concast @ nbcnews) and fake news cnn are going out of their way to say great things about china. they are chinese puppets who want to do business there. they use usa airwaves to help china. the enemy of the people!
the governor of michigan should give a little, and put out the fire. these are very good people, but they are angry. they want their lives back again, safely! see them, talk to them, make a deal.
cryin chuck schumer, compared to what other senators have brought home to their states, has brought very little back to n.y. a totally overrated loser, the one thing he has given them is salt. he never even called me to stop it. no wonder cuomo most others can’t stand him. aoc!
cryin’ chuck schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over over again. “we don’t have enough testing ,” he would repeat, when he knows we have done a great job on testing, just like we have on ventilators and everything else. he lied, gave ny salt. run aoc!
dirty cop! …
i have done more for farmers and ranchers than any president in history, and it has been my honor in doing so! …
“the only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse (the corruption) than we thought.” jim_jordan dirty cops!
vote mikegarcia2020 by may 12th! his opponent christyforca25 voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. now she’s mocking our great vets! we need navy fighter pilot mike garcia in ca25! …
....he is strong on crime, the border, and second amendment. tom has deep roots in wisconsin, is a big tax cutter, and will help me drain the swamp! tom has my complete and total endorsement. vote for tom tiffany! …
tom tiffany @ tomtiffanywi) is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin (wi07). we need tom in congress to help us make america great again! he will fight for small business, supports our incredible farmers, loves our military and our vets....
over 120 million economic impact payments have already gone out to hardworking americans! if you haven’t yet received your payment, go to and click on “get my payment” to receive your money fast!
we can’t let the fake news, and their partner, the radical left, do nothing democrats, get away with stealing the election. they tried that in 2016. how did that work out?
the do nothing democrats! …
fake news! …
great! …
dirty cop james comey got caught!
plus many! …
really? have you looked at the numbers lately! …
fake polling, just like 2016 (but worse)!
what happened to general michael flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the united states again!
does anybody really believe that roger stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting fbi agents (with fake news cnn closely in toe), was treated fairly. how about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred bias. same scammers as general flynn!
despite reports to the contrary, sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. as of today, 2462 people have died there, a much higher number than the neighboring countries of norway (207), finland (206) or denmark (443). the united states made the correct decision!
lyin’ brian williams of msdnc
i must admit that lyin’ brian williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than fake news cnn “anchorman” don lemon, the “dumbest man on television”. then you have psycho joe “what ever happened to your girlfriend?” scarborough, another of the low i.q. individuals!
lyin’ brian williams of msdnc, a concast scam company, wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? totally made up story. he’s a true dummy who was thrown off network news like a dog. stay tuned!
just told that fake news cnn is falsely reporting that i was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. actually, he is doing a great job, i never shouted at him (been with me for years, including the 2016 win), have no intention to do so. just fake news!
. cnn doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of general michael flynn why they got the story so wrong. they, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man his family. they won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
…
happy birthday to three time olympian and five term congressman, jimryun!
…
…
no, i think amash would make a wonderful candidate, especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his congressional seat. he almost always votes for the do nothing dems anyway. i like him even more than jill stein! …
thank you marklevinshow
at least they admit it. the failing nytimes @ washingtonpost never correct their fake reporting! …
the only reason the u.s. has reported one million cases of coronavirus is that our testing is sooo much better than any other country in the world. other countries are way behind us in testing, and therefore show far fewer cases!
thank you michael! bittyandbeau
…
thank you blueangels and afthunderbirds! americastrong
but i love diamond silk, and so do millions of people! …
texas to open businesses in phases beginning friday. great job being done by gregabbott_tx
many states moving to safely quickly reopen!
we are doing far more, and better, testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. no matter how good a job is done, the same as with the ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!
because shifty is a crooked politician! …
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:30 p.m. thank you!
why should the people and taxpayers of america be bailing out poorly run states (like illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? i am open to discussing anything, but just asking?
fake news, the enemy of the people!
there has never been, in the history of our country, a more vicious or hostile lamestream media than there is right now, even in the midst of a national emergency, the invisible enemy!
blame the democrats for any “lateness” in your enhanced unemployment insurance. i wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. i told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.
so true! …
american citizens! we were long ahead of dems, who were all against the ban. …
great! …
they are one of the worst in the “news” business. total slime balls! …
they asked me to be at west point on june 13th., i will be there! …
laura, just another fake news report! …
does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called noble (not nobel) prize is, especially as it pertains to reporters and journalists? noble is defined as, “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” does sarcasm ever work?
reports that h.h.s. secretary alexazar is going to be “fired” by me are fake news. the lamestream media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos havoc in the minds of the public. they never even called to ask. alex is doing an excellent job!
....fraud donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). chris wallace is nastier to republicans than even deface the nation or sleepy eyes. the people who are watching foxnews, in record numbers (thank you president trump), are angry. they want an alternative now. so do i!
....even the radical left do nothing democrats laughed at the fox suggestion. no respect for the people running foxnews. but fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. they put rino paul ryan on their board. they hire “debate questions to crooked hillary”....
. foxnews just doesn’t get what’s happening! they are being fed democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. they forgot that fake news cnn msdnc wouldn’t let foxnews participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings democrat debates.....
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. i will often be in the oval office late into the night read see that i am angrily eating a hamburger diet coke in my bedroom. people with me are always stunned. anything to demean!
i work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the white house in many months (except to launch hospital ship comfort) in order to take care of trade deals, military rebuilding etc., and then i read a phony story in the failing nytimes about my work....
the people that know me and know the history of our country say that i am the hardest working president in history. i don’t know about that, but i am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any president in history. the fake news hates it!
. cardinaldolan thank you for a great call yesterday with catholic leaders, and a great service today from stpatsnyc!
happy birthday to melania, our great first lady!
had a great call with catholic leaders and educators earlier today. i will be online tomorrow at 10:15 a.m. (eastern) for sunday mass celebrated by cardinaldolan at st. patrick’s cathedral @ stpatsnyc) in new york city. join me:
i never said the pandemic was a hoax! who would say such a thing? i said that the do nothing democrats, together with their mainstream media partners, are the hoax. they have been called out embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!
remember, the cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. be careful, be safe, use common sense!
what is the purpose of having white house news conferences when the lamestream media asks nothing but hostile questions, then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. they get record ratings, the american people get nothing but fake news. not worth the time effort!
was just informed that the fake news from the thursday white house press conference had me speaking asking questions of dr. deborah birx. wrong, i was speaking to our laboratory expert, not deborah, about sunlight etc. the coronavirus. the lamestream media is corrupt sick!
if the wall street journal “editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that i was “not happy with the georgia governor on tuesday night.” you said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
the do nothing democrats are spending much of their money on fake ads. i never said that the coronavirus is a “hoax”, i said that the democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a hoax. also, it did start with “one person from china”, and then grew, will be a “miracle” end!
we have now tested more than 5 million people. that is more than any other country in the world, and even more than all major countries combined!
it is a wonderful feeling to know that our states are loaded up with ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. every person needing a ventilator got one!
just spoke to prime minister abiy ahmed ali of ethiopia. his country needs ventilators, and the u.s. is in good position to help him. we will!
many testing sites are, and have been, open available. just passed 5 million tests, far more than any other country in the world. in fact, more than all other major countries combined! don’t believe the fake news! …
thank you to the people of colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the ventilators we got for you. it was my great honor! sencorygardner
. tripleh is a total winner! …
thank you to william perry pendley of the bureau of land management. great job on tuckercarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! foxnews
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:30 p.m. thank you!
…
i will never let our post office fail. it has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. the people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
great conversation with president lenin moreno of the republic of ecuador. we will be sending them desperately needed ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. they are fighting hard against coronavirus!
just spoke to president juan orlando hernandez of the republic of honduras. we work closely together on the southern border. will be helping him with his request for ventilators and testing.
great news! randall stephenson, the ceo of heavily indebted at&t, which owns and presides over fake news cnn, is leaving, or was forced out. anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that cnn does, should leave asap. hopefully replacement will be much better!
i (or vp) never gave governor brian kemp an ok on those few businesses outside of the guidelines. fake news! spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, barber shops should take a little slower path, but i told the governor to do what is right for the great people of georgia (& usa)!
just spoke to president nayib bukele of el salvador. will be helping them with ventilators, which are desperately needed. they have worked well with us on immigration at the southern border!
just spoke to my friend, president joko widodo of the republic of indonesia. asking for ventilators, which we will provide. great cooperation between us!
our country wants to move safely forward. there is a tremendous pent up demand. we will open big!
the fake and totally corrupt news is after her as a means of getting to me. she’s smart and strong, knows the truth. already a heroine to many! …
getting very good reviews of the job the federal government is doing on coronavirus. ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, testing, have been handled incredibly well. testing is getting exponentially better every day. love seeing our country safely opening up!
important news! …
disgraceful. should join the republican party! …
governor jimjusticewv is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of west virginia. big jim is strong on life, the second amendment, and building the wall! with governors like jim, america will recover and get back to business. jim has my complete and total endorsement!
congressman stevestivers is doing a terrific job for the people of ohio! he defends our borders, supports our veterans, strong on crime, and the second amendment. steve has my complete and total endorsement! …
congressman bill posey is a tremendous fighter for the great state of florida. he is a big supporter of our maga agenda strong on crime, the second amendment, and loves our veterans and law enforcement. bill has my complete and total endorsement!
congressman miketurneroh is a strong supporter and fighter for the people of ohio! he will help us maga! he’s strong on the border, tough on crime, will protect our vets, and our great second amendment. mike has my complete and total endorsement!
congressman troy_balderson is doing a great job for the people of ohio! he will always protect your 2a, defend our borders, and support small business a great supporter of the maga agenda. troy has my complete and total endorsement! …
congressman davejoyceoh14 is a tremendous fighter for the great state of ohio! he is tough on crime, our border, second amendment, and helps us combat illegal drugs! david has my complete and total endorsement! …
congressman bradwenstrup is doing a tremendous job for the people of ohio! he’s a proud veteran and is strong on the border, tough on crime, the second amendment, and supports small business. brad has my complete and total endorsement!
....my co-chair in utah and a really great guy. sean has my complete and total endorsement!
utah attorney general sean reyes @ seanreyesut) is a fighter and hard worker for the great state of utah. he is a big supporter of our maga agenda strong on crime, the second amendment, and loves our law enforcement....
congressman john curtis @ curtisut) gets things done for utah! john fights for small businesses, will lower your taxes, and will protect your second amendment. he has my complete and total endorsement!
....he’s 100% pro-life, strong on 2a and loves our military and vets. chris has my complete and total endorsement! …
congressman chris stewart @ stewartforutah) is a tremendous fighter for utah. he served our country in the u.s. air force, and has been a strong supporter of our maga agenda....
congressman warren davidson @ vote_davidson) is working very hard for the people of ohio! he’s a strong supporter of our military, vets, second amendment, and maga agenda. warren has my complete and total endorsement!
....bill has my complete and total endorsement! …
congressman bill johnson @ johnsonleads) is an incredible fighter for the great state of ohio! he’s a proud veteran and a hard worker who cares for our veterans, supports small business, and is strong on the border and second amendment....
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:45 p.m. thank you!
…
…
…
fully signed and ready to go! …
please study this closely. we saved many lives with our fast action on coronavirus! …
we did it once, we will quickly do it a second time! …
thank you to harvard and all others! …
. foxandfriends we now have many ventilators to spare. thank you to all! …
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:45 p.m. thank you!
cdc director was totally misquoted by fake news cnn on covid 19. he will be putting out a statement.
another false ad by the do nothing democrats. almost all of their ads are false or misleading, and the fake news loves it! …
sleepy joe thought this was ok. not me! …
i have instructed the united states navy to shoot down and destroy any and all iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
states are safely coming back. our country is starting to open for business again. special care is, and always will be, given to our beloved seniors (except me!). their lives will be better than ever...we love you all!
happy birthday to the great cindy adams of the new york post. cindy is 90, but looks 39 to me. she is going strong!
i will be signing my executive order prohibiting immigration into our country today. in the meantime, even without this order, our southern border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new border wall 27,000 mexican soldiers, is very tight including for human trafficking!
“economic impact of covid-19.” foxandfriends very interesting analysis. light at the end of the tunnel. thank you!
harvard should give back the money now. their whole “endowment” system should be looked at! …
great new book just out by the former director of ice, tom homan: “defend the border and save lives: solving our most important humanitarian and security crisis.” great guy, get your copy today
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:30 p.m. thank you!
....to state/local governments for lost revenues from covid 19, much needed infrastructure investments for bridges, tunnels, broadband, tax incentives for restaurants, entertainment, sports, and payroll tax cuts to increase economic growth.
i urge the senate and house to pass the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act with additional funding for ppp, hospitals, and testing. after i sign this bill, we will begin discussions on the next legislative initiative with fiscal relief....
we will never let the great u.s. oil gas industry down. i have instructed the secretary of energy and secretary of the treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!
96% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! this must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the pandemic.
i’ve had great “ratings” my whole life, there’s nothing unusual about that for me. the white house news conference ratings are “through the roof”(monday night football, bachelor finale @ nytimes) but i don’t care about that. i care about going around the fake news to the people!
it is amazing that i became president of the united states with such a totally corrupt and dishonest lamestream media going after me all day, and all night. either i’m really good, far better than the fake news wants to admit, or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!
watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated morning psycho on msdnc just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. he’s worse. such hatred and contempt! i used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. wasn’t worth the effort, his mind is shot!
great alan. they are fake news! …
7 devastating revelations about crossfire hurricane in new releases the greatest political scam in american history!
in light of the attack from the invisible enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our great american citizens, i will be signing an executive order to temporarily suspend immigration into the united states!
...he is strong on crime, the border, and second amendment. mike has my complete and total endorsement! turn your ballots in now and track them, watching for dishonesty. report to law enforcement. …
. mikegarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the u.s. and the state of california. an annapolis graduate, he served our country as a highly decorated navy fighter pilot and will be a great congressman # ca25). loves our military, and vets...
....he is strong on crime, the border, and second amendment. tom has deep roots in wisconsin, is a big tax cutter, and will help me drain the swamp! tom has my complete and total endorsement. vote for tom tiffany! …
tom tiffany @ tomtiffanywi) is a great advocate for the incredible people of wisconsin (wi07). we need tom in congress to help us make america great again! he will fight for small business, supports our incredible farmers, loves our military and our vets....
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:30 p.m. thank you!
... “testing, testing, testing,” again playing a very dangerous political game. states, not the federal government, should be doing the testing but we will work with the governors and get it done. this is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex ventilators!
last month all you heard from the radical left, do nothing democrats was, “ventilators, ventilators, ventilators.” they screamed it loud clear, thought they had us cold, even though it was the state’s task. but everyone got their v’s, with many to spare. now they scream....
received a very nice call from govtimwalz of minnesota. we are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. good things happening!
congratulations to all of my many friends at the villages in florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. so proud of everyone! mark morse gary lester have really stepped up to the plate. hope to see everyone soon.
brilliant, a must watch! repdancrensha
white house news conference at 5:45. thank you!
thank you to my boy! …
“on february 19th there was a democratic debate, in las vegas. three words weren’t said: virus, coronavirus, or covid19. never came up!” bretbaier
great book by senatortimscott! …
. foxnews “dems say president trump is trying to open the united states economy too quickly”, but, if i took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that i am moving too slowly. just political talking points for them. for me it’s about lives the future of our country!
nervous nancy is an inherently “dumb” person. she wasted all of her time on the impeachment hoax. she will be overthrown, either by inside or out, just like her last time as “speaker”. wallace @ foxnews are on a bad path, watch! …
just like i was right on ventilators (our country is now the “king of ventilators”, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!), i am right on testing. governors must be able to step up and get the job done. we will be with you all the way!
great credit must be given to fema and all of those that are helping our states make it big! …
look forward to this! …
congratulations af_academy! …
great new book out by realktmcfarland, “revolution: trump, washington, and we the people”. get your copy today
will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am (eastern) watching jackngraham from prestonwood baptist in dallas, texas. you can join us at . …
china wants sleepy joe sooo badly. they want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the u.s. back, and much more. joe is an easy mark, their dream candidate! …
i gave up on drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. people are dropping off like flies! …
the most often used phrase in the lamestream media, by far, is “sources say”, or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity”, or anything similar which allows fake news to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. the american people should demand names!
....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. they were rude and nasty. this is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on november 3rd. they will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. america will not be fooled!!!
....example! v.p. mike pence held a conference call yesterday with all democrat senators. he gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the coronavirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including “it’s over”, could have made....
no matter what you do for the do nothing democrats, no matter how great a job you are doing, they will only respond to their fake partners in the lamestream media in the negative, even in a time of crisis. i thought it would be different, but it’s not. in fact, it’s even worse...
great news, thank you! …
thank you honeywell, great job! …
i will be having a white house press conference today at 5:00 p.m. thank you!
really nice to see this and, what a great …
john james will be a great senator for michigan! …
spending the morning speaking to fema and military relative to coronavirus. also, spoke to leaders of various countries including poland, south korea and bahrain. last night had a very gold conversation with the president of mexico on numerous t border is very strong!
an incompetent political hack! come back to washington take care of our great american workers. …
this is a disgraceful situation! …
lamestream media is only getting worse! …
cut him off now! …
great book. get it and support charlie! …
they are fake news losers! …
white house news conference today at 6:00 p.m. eastern. thank you!
cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand ventilators”. we gave him a small fraction of that number, and it was plenty. state should have had them in stockpile!
the states have to step up their testing!
china has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the invisible enemy. it is far higher than that and far higher than the u.s., not even close!
biden/obama were a disaster in handling the h1n1 swine flu. polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! also, don’t forget their 5 billion dollar obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
....testing that you should be doing. we have given new york far more money, help and equipment than any other state, by far, these great men women who did the job never hear you say thanks. your numbers are not good. less talk and more action!
governor cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining”. get out there and get the job done. stop talking! we built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use, gave large numbers of ventilators that you should have had, and helped you with....
liberate virginia, and save your great 2nd amendment. it is under siege!
liberate michigan!
liberate minnesota!
today people started losing their jobs because of crazy nancy pelosi, cryin’ chuck schumer, and the radical left, do nothing democrats, who should immediately come back to washington and approve legislation to help families in america. end your endless vacation!
....in january and february, as the virus spread globally? why did the w.h.o. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? lanhee chen, hoover institution fellow foxnews
why did the w.h.o. ignore an email from taiwanese health officials in late december alerting them to the possibility that coronavirus could be transmitted between humans? why did the w.h.o. make several claims about the coronavirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading....
thank god for truckers
crazy nancy pelosi deleted this from her twitter account. she wanted everyone to pack into chinatown long after i closed the border to china. based on her statement, she is responsible for many deaths. she’s an incompetent, third-rate politician
major news conference tonight, the white house at 6:00 p.m. (eastern), to explain guidelines for opening up america again!
democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular paycheck protection program. they are killing american small businesses. stop playing politics dems! support refilling ppp now it is out of funds!
crazy “nancy pelosi, you are a weak person. you are a poor leader. you are the reason america hates career politicians, like yourself.” seanhannity she is totally incompetent controlled by the radical left, a weak and pathetic puppet. come back to washington and do your job!
. oann poll “gives president trump a 52% approval rating in north carolina, and a seven point lead over (sleepy) joe biden. the president also helps other republican candidates, including senthomtillis, who has a 4% lead over his democrat rival.”
white house news conference today at 5:30 p.m. eastern. thank you!
we are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting america back to work, and soon. more to come! maga
my condolences to the steinbrenner family, and the entire yankees organization, on the passing of hank steinbrenner. he was a friend and will be missed greatly by all! …
# thanksfordelivering ups! …
our great senator from south carolina, senatortimscott just released a fantastic new book, “opportunity knocks: how hard work, community, and business can improve lives and end poverty.” get your copy today
“the art of an oil deal” …
white house news conference today at 5:45 p.m. eastern. thank you!
my administration is committed to protecting the homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the united states and our hemisphere. our military deployments in the caribbean eastern pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized! …
tell the democrat governors that “mutiny on the bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. a good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the captain. too easy!
get rid of ballot harvesting, it is rampant with fraud. the usa must have voter i.d., the only way to get an honest count!
cuomo’s been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the state’s responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. i got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want independence! that won’t happen!
the democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “paycheck” plan. replenish account now!
my deepest sympathies go out to frieda chera and the family of the late, great, stanley chera, one of manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. he will be truly missed!
first the fake news media said that it’s not fair for the president of the united states to be giving news conferences, but it is the only way i can reach the american people, as seen in the below poll
white house news conference today at 5:00 p.m. eastern. thank you!
....it is the decision of the president, and for many good reasons. with that being said, the administration and i are working closely with the governors, and this will continue. a decision by me, in conjunction with the governors and input from others, will be made shortly!
for the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the fake news media are saying that it is the governors decision to open up the states, not that of the president of the united states the federal government. let it be fully understood that this is incorrect....
....disaster, the energy industry will be strong again, far faster than currently anticipated. thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track, in particular russia and saudi arabia.
having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that opec+ is looking to cut is 20 million barrels a day, not the 10 million that is generally being reported. if anything near this happens, and the world gets back to business from the covid 19.....
the nytimes story is a fake, just like the “paper” itself. i was criticized for moving too fast when i issued the china ban, long before most others wanted to do so. secazar told me nothing until later, and peter navarro memo was same as ban (see his statements). fake news!
i am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the lamestream media. that part is easy, the hard part is why?
thank you paris! …
thank you! …
i look forward to it also! …
great going natalie! …
sorry fake news, it’s all on tape. i banned china long before people spoke up. thank you oann …
fake news! …
governors, get your states testing programs apparatus perfected. be ready, big things are happening. no excuses! the federal government is there to help. we are testing more than any country in the world. also, gear up with face masks!
the opposition party (lamestream media) and their partner, the radical left, do nothing democrats, have put their political game plan in full swing. “whether he is right or wrong, it doesn’t matter. criticize ’trump’ for everything, and don’t let the public see biden. hide him.”
if the fake news opposition party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that president trump “ignored early warnings about the threat,” then why did media dems viciously criticize me when i instituted a travel ban on china? they said “early not necessary.” corrupt media!
just watched mike wallace wannabe, chris wallace, on foxnews. i am now convinced that he is even worse than sleepy eyes chuck todd of meet the press(please!), or the people over at deface the nation. what the hell is happening to foxnews. it’s a whole new ballgame over there!
the big oil deal with opec plus is done. this will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the united states. i would like to thank and congratulate president putin of russia and king salman of saudi arabia. i just spoke to them from the oval office. great deal for all!
for the first time in history there is a fully signed presidential disaster declaration for all 50 states. we are winning, and will win, the war on the invisible enemy!
great businessman philanthropist bernie marcus, co-founder of home depot, said that congress was too distracted by the (phony) impeachment witch hunt when they should have been investigating coronavirus when it first appeared in china. media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
happy easter!
a very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. we deployed 418 doctors, nurses and respiratory therapists from the hospital ship comfort and the javits convention center to hospitals in nyc state. have more bed capacity than was needed. good!
happy easter
cryin’chuck doesn’t have a clue. couldn’t care less about the american worker! …
mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and voter fraud!
will be interviewed by judgejeanine tonight at 9:00 p.m. eastern on foxnews! …
so now the fake news nytimes is tracing the coronavirus origins back to europe, not china. this is a first! i wonder what the failing new york times got for this one? are there any named sources? they were recently thrown out of china like dogs, and obviously want back in. sad!
governor gavinnewsom of california has been very nice highly supportive about the great job we have done, working together, for california. that is the good news, but this is the bad. he is unfairly under attack by the radical left dems, msdnc etc. he is strong! will he fold?
i will be watching. have a great easter! …
the wall street journal editorial board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. their views on tariffs trade are losers for the u.s., but winners for other countries, including china. if we followed their standards, we’d have no country left. they should love sleepy joe!
watching foxnews on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. we now have some great alternatives, like oann.
“the president and the federal government are doing an excellent job. when they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported, they (the opposition) act like they’re sad because it’s lower. i think they are (press conferences) wonderful.” west virginia resident, c span
great editorial by senronjohnson! …
wishing all a safe and blessed easter sunday. i will be tuning into pastor robertjeffress at church in dallas, texas tomorrow morning at 10:20 am eastern. …
we will build it again!
....does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the lamestream media. very seldom. the unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always fake news.
when the failing nytimes or amazon washingtonpost writes a story saying “unnamed sources said”, or any such phrase where a person’s name is not used, don’t believe them. most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. they are made up to defame disparage. they have no “source”...
....economy was shuttered. this is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion.” mack mclarty, clinton white house chief of staff. lelandvittert foxnews thank you mack. we will be bigger, better and stronger than ever before!
“i think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. it’s whiplash! the economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the....
“trump did a deal with japan. a lot of our product goes to japan, and we are booming in north dakota.” jim on c span, washington journal. our trade deals will be having a big impact on our country as they kick in!
nobody wants to say that if elizabeth warren gets out of the race before super tuesday, crazy bernie sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...not even close! i haven’t heard one member of the fake news establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. fake news!
the invisible enemy will soon be in full retreat!
because the t.v. ratings for the white house news conference’s are the highest, the opposition party (lamestream media), the radical left, do nothing democrats &, of course, the few remaining rino’s, are doing everything in their power to disparage end them. the people’s voice!
the white house press conference will take place today at 1:00 p.m., recognizing that it is good friday!
happy good friday to all!
wow, approval rating in the republican party 96%. thank you!
not good gregg, but it is what it is. have to save the airlines! …
congress must go back to deductibility by businesses if restaurants, clubs entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
democrats are blocking a 251 billion dollar funding boost for small businesses which will help them keep their employees. it should be for only that reason, with no additions. we should have a big infrastructure phase four with payroll tax cuts more. big economic bounceback!
this week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest stock market increase since 1974. we have a great chance for the really big bounce when the invisible enemy is gone!
tim scott is great! …
thank you frank. it’s abc fake news. they knew they were wrong when they went with this hoax of a story! …
thank you erin! …
....we will always be there for our great farmers, cattlemen, ranchers, and producers!
i have directed secretarysonny to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. i expect secretary purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe....
the wall street journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the white house press briefings are “through the roof” (monday night football, bachelor finale, according to nytimes) is only way for me to escape the fake news get my views across. wsj is fake news!
great news: prime minister boris johnson has just been moved out of intensive care. get well boris!!!
on national former prisoner of war recognition day, we honor the more than 500,000 american warriors captured while protecting our way of life. we pay tribute to these patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit! …
. oann a key coronavirus model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. that’s because the american people are doing a great job. social distancing etc. keep going!
absentee ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on election day. these ballots are very different from 100% mail-in voting, which is “ripe for fraud,” and shouldn’t be allowed!
this morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in dallas, texas. this was made possible because of the partnership of two great american companies—dupont and fedex—and our friends in vietnam. thank you! dupont_news fede
wishing a happy passover to those celebrating in the united states, israel, and around the world
white house news conference at 5:30 p.m. eastern. thank you!
extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. thank you india and the indian people for the decision on hcq. will not be forgotten! thank you prime minister narendramodi for your strong leadership in helping not just india, but humanity, in this fight!
can’t see aoc plus 3 supporting sleepy joe!
wow, bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! what’s that all about?
bernie sanders is out! thank you to elizabeth warren. if not for her, bernie would have won almost every state on super tuesday! this ended just like the democrats the dnc wanted, same as the crooked hillary fiasco. the bernie people should come to the republican party, trade!
flattening of the curve!
once we open up our great country, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the invisible enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. our economy will boom, perhaps like never before!!!
...the fake news media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the failing new york times, “monday night football, bachelor finale” type numbers (& sadly, they get it free). trump derangement syndrome!
the radical left democrats have gone absolutely crazy that i am doing daily presidential news conferences. they actually want me to stop! they used to complain that i am not doing enough of them, now they complain that i “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” they tried to shame.....
will be immediately sending 100 ventilators to colorado at the request of senator gardner! …
republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. democrats are clamoring for it. tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason, doesn’t work out well for republicans. foxandfriends
“the number of new yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” ainsleyearhardt foxandfriends good news!
white house news conference at 5:30 p.m. eastern. thank you!
just had a conf call w/ major lenders discussing our great small businesses the ppploan. i ask every company, big small, making announcements about innovative contributions, hiring new workers, or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with americaworkstogether
wisconsin, get out and vote now for justice daniel kelly. protect your 2nd amendment!
why didn’t the i.g., who spent 8 years with the obama administration (did she report on the failed h1n1 swine flu debacle where 17,000 people died?), want to talk to the admirals, generals, v.p. others in charge, before doing her report. another fake dossier!
the w.h.o. really blew it. for some reason, funded largely by the united states, yet very china centric. we will be giving that a good look. fortunately i rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to china early on. why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?
vote today, tuesday, for highly respected republican, justice daniel kelly. tough on crime, loves your military, vets, farmers, will save your 2nd amendment. a big vote! …
great job being done by dr. nicole saphier on foxnews!
…
the wisconsin supreme court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled. vote for justice daniel kelly tomorrow, and be safe! …
white house news conference at 5:45 p.m. eastern. thank you!
congratulations to state representative karen whitsett of michigan. so glad you are getting better! …
joe biden wanted the date for the democrat national convention moved to a later time period. now he wants a “virtual” convention, one where he doesn’t have to show up. gee, i wonder why? also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the fake news he wanted to make to me?
advertising in the failing new york times is way down. washington post is not much better. i can’t say whether this is because they are fake news sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the virus is just plain beating them up. fake news is bad for america!
light at the end of the tunnel!
usa strong!
thank you gayle. i only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt dishonest so much of our lamestream media is. my press conferences are vital. they are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, haven’t been for years (witch-hunts, fake news)! …
for humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two coronavirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. very carefully done. people we’re dying no other countries would allow them to dock!
. gayletrotter “to this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the president was right.” foxnews
white house news conference at 6:45 p.m. eastern. thank you!
we are learning much about the invisible enemy. it is tough and smart, but we are tougher and smarter!
thank you gayle! …
i agree! …
a very biased “journalist”. …
a great wonderful woman! …
corrected fake news! …
he wants to raise taxes all over our country! …
disgraceful! …
palm sunday is the beginning of a holy week for many people of faith and a great day to lift our voices in prayer. i will be tuning into pastor greglaurie at harvestorg church in riverside, california tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. eastern.
....we will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. in the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever! littleleagueceo
to all of our youth who are missing the start of their littleleague seasons, hang in there! we will get you back out on the fields, and know that you will be playing baseball soon....
the paycheck protection program is up and running! the program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our great religious and veteran organizations that need help!
america owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible covid-19. join me in thanking our farmers, ranchers, processors, distributors and stores! johnboozman
i will be holding a news conference at 3:30 p.m. at the white house. thank you!
. cnn is fake news. they will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. they are a joke!
good idea dana! …
great! …
i agree with this. watch! …
i will immediately ask congress for more money to support small businesses under the ppploan if the allocated money runs out. so far, way ahead of schedule. bankofamerica community banks are rocking! sbagov ustreasury
i fully agree! …
thank you cory! …
great job being done by bankofamerica and many community banks throughout the country. small businesses appreciate your work!
the paycheck protection program is now available! caresact small business guidance loan resources:
thank you deptofdefense, usacehq, usnationalguard, fema, and cdcgov! …
thank you usnationalguard, keep up the great work! …
great news this week regarding the keystone xl pipeline moving forward with fantastic paying construction jobs for hardworking americans. promises made, promises kept! maga
highly respected justice daniel kelly is running for the supreme court in the great state of wisconsin. justice kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the rule of law and defending your 2a. tough on crime, loves our military and our vets. he has my complete endorsement!
we hit 3m hard today after seeing what they were doing with their masks. “p act” all the way. big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing will have a big price to pay!
30 days to slow the sprea
.....could be as high as 15 million barrels. good (great) news for everyone!
just spoke to my friend mbs (crown prince) of saudi arabia, who spoke with president putin of russia, i expect hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 million barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be great for the oil gas industry!
“the states have to get the money to the people who need it.” mariabartiromo and fast!
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. other states are thrilled with the job we have done. sending many ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. prefer sending directly to hospitals.
massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the federal government. some have insatiable appetites are never satisfied (politics?). remember, we are a backup for them. the complainers should...
...it wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. unlike other states, new york unfortunately got off to a late start. you should have pushed harder. stop complaining find out where all of these supplies are going. cuomo working hard!
somebody please explain to cryin’ chuck schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented admiral, in fact. new york has gotten far more than any other state, including hospitals a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining.....
upon information and belief, iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on u.s. troops and/or assets in iraq. if this happens, iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!
congress must pass the old, and very strongly proven, deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. this will bring restaurants, and everything related, back and stronger than ever. move quickly, they will all be saved!
…
30 days to slow the spread covidー19
great work atlasairww, thank you! …
will be starting the white house news conference at 5:15 p.m. eastern.
my proposal to the politically correct automobile companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. engines would run smoother. positive impact on the environment! foolish executives!
my administration is helping u.s. auto workers by replacing the failed obama emissions rule. impossible to satisfy its green new deal standard; lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
great news! american families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new safe vehicles rule. get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. build better and safer american cars and create american jobs. buy american!
thank you mike! …
with interest rates for the united states being at zero, this is the time to do our decades long awaited infrastructure bill. it should be very big bold, two trillion dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our country! phase 4
i watched a portion of low rated (very) morning psycho (joe) this morning in order to see what nancy pelosi had to say, what moves she was planning to further hurt our country. actually, other than her usual complaining that i’m a terrible person, she wasn’t bad. still praying!
“new york governor cuomo says president trump has been “very helpful.” foxandfriends thank you, everybody is working very hard!
white house news conference at 5:00 p.m. eastern. thank you!
on nationaldoctorsday, we recognize the remarkable men women who treat their fellow americans, find cures for the diseases illnesses we face, and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity, respect, and empathy they deserve. …
nancy pelosi and the democrats delayed the workers help/stimulus bill by over a week, trying to add real “junk” into the bill. got some bad things, having nothing to do with those affected by the virus, included. republicans need their votes until we win back the house in 2020!
thank you dr. hahn the fda for your fast approval of this respected ohio company recommended by governor mikedewine. great potential! …
will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 7:55 a.m. usa strong!
will be starting the white house news conference at 5:30 p.m. eastern.
so proud of the usacehq, fema, and the federal government for the 2,900 bed hospital they built in 4 days (way ahead of schedule) in the javits center for ny. we are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds. keep up the great work!
thank you very much to ken langone for being a great american and for your wonderful comments on teamcavuto.
i am a great friend and admirer of the queen the united kingdom. it was reported that harry and meghan, who left the kingdom, would reside permanently in canada. now they have left canada for the u.s. however, the u.s. will not pay for their security protection. they must pay!
happy national vietnam war veterans day to all of our vietnam era veterans. you have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. the nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. we love you! …
...the cbs news poll said 13 percent of republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus.” michael m. grynbaum nytimes
...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
...on monday, nearly 12.2 million people watched mr. trump’s briefing on cnn, fox news and msnbc, according to nielsen ‘monday night football’ numbers. millions more are watching on abc, cbs, nbc and online streaming sites, and the audience is expanding. on monday, fox news...
“president trump is a ratings hit. since reviving the daily white house briefing mr. trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘the bachelor.’ numbers are continuing to rise...
because the “ratings” of my news conferences etc. are so high, “bachelor finale, monday night football type numbers” according to the nytimes, the lamestream media is going crazy. “trump is reaching too many people, we must stop him.” said one lunatic. see you at 5:00 p.m.!
polls are showing tremendous disapproval of lamestream media coverage of the virus crisis. the fake news just hasn’t figured that out yet!
the lamestream media wants us to fail. that will never happen!
hope the fda can approve mask sterilization equipment asap. as per governor mikedewine, there is a company in ohio, battelle, which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
“with the tax cuts and new trade deals, we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year.... and then the virus came along.” larry_kudlow mariabartiromo we were breaking all records, especially on employment. it will all come roaring back again, and fast!
highly recommended by governor mikedewine of ohio. fda must move quickly! …
will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 p.m. the white house. people are working harder than i have ever seen people work. it is a beautiful thing to watch!
....federal government. a quarantine will not be necessary. full details will be released by cdc tonight. thank you!
on the recommendation of the white house coronavirus task force, and upon consultation with the governor’s of new york, new jersey and connecticut, i have asked the cdcgov to issue a strong travel advisory, to be administered by the governors, in consultation with the....
with the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of the american people, and with the grace of god, we will win this war. when we achieve this victory, we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before
…
i am giving consideration to a quarantine of developing “hot spots”, new york, new jersey, and connecticut. a decision will be made, one way or another, shortly.
heading to the great state of virginia now, will be there shortly. the usnscomfort is “loaded to the gills” at naval station norfolk, departing for new york city this afternoon
....very often fake news. lamestream media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. if they did that, the media would be trusted again, and fake news would largely be a thing of the past!
one of the reasons that fake news has become so prevalent far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on sources that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. when you see, “five sources say”, don’t believe the story, it is....
so much of the lamestream media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. they are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. these are very dangerous corrupt people, who will do anything to win. name your sources!
thank you james! …
more fake news! …
such fake reporting by the nytimes, washingtonpost, cnn others. they use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. they really are corrupt and disgusting. no wonder the media is, according to polls, record setting low untrusted. maga
i love michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a great job for them during this horrible pandemic. yet your governor, gretchen “half” whitmer is way in over her head, she doesn’t have a clue. likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! maga
she is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. a fake news “journalist”. …
we are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will win! caresac
i just signed the cares act, the single biggest economic relief package in american history twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. at $2.2 trillion dollars, this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families, workers, and businesses. caresact …
news conference live from the whitehouse today. 5:30 p.m. eastern!
thank you to rachel maddow for putting our military on full display, and showing how great a job the federal government is doing! also, a special thanks to general semonite, a patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder
never knew john kerry had such a good sense of humor! very impressed! …
thousand of federal government (delivered) ventilators found in new york storage. n.y. must distribute now!
will someone please explain to the fake news new york times (all the news that’s not fit to print) that the democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. they “maximum” delay even the best candidates, including judges, leaving little time!
we have just purchased many ventilators from some wonderful companies. names and numbers will be announced later today!
invoke “p” means defense production act!
general motors must immediately open their stupidly abandoned lordstown plant in ohio, or some other plant, and start making ventilators, now!!!!!! ford, get going on ventilators, fast!!!!!! generalmotors ford
as usual with “this” general motors, things just never seem to work out. they said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed ventilators, “very quickly”. now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late april, and they want top dollar. always a mess with mary b. invoke “p”.
thank you byron. many polls are much better than this. if it is the fake news washingtonpost, add 10 points! …
by empowering the radical left democrats, do nothing kentucky politician repthomasmassie is making their war on the 2nd amendment more and more difficult to win (but don’t worry, we will win anyway!). he is a disaster for america, and for the great state of kentucky!
...& costly. workers small businesses need money now in order to survive. virus wasn’t their fault. it is “hell” dealing with the dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big done. 90% great! win back house, but throw massie out of republican party!
looks like a third rate grandstander named repthomasmassie, a congressman from, unfortunately, a truly great state, kentucky, wants to vote against the new save our workers bill in congress. he just wants the publicity. he can’t stop it, only delay, which is both dangerous......
just finished a very good conversation with president xi of china. discussed in great detail the coronavirus that is ravaging large parts of our planet. china has been through much has developed a strong understanding of the virus. we are working closely together. much respect!
the world is at war with a hidden enemy. we will win
our great oil gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. it will get better than ever as soon as our country starts up again. vital that it does for our national security!
will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
i will be doing a news conference live from the whitehouse at 5:00 p.m. (eastern) to discuss the mtg of the g20 leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 a.m. by world teleconference. also, my 12:00 p.m. teleconference call w/50 governors, plus territories, will be discussed.
96-0 in the united states senate. congratulations america!
…
....i have been packed all day with meetings, i have no time for stupidity. we’re working around the clock to keep america safe!
i hear that fake news cnn just reported that i am isolated in the white house, wondering out loud, “when will life return to normal?” does anybody really believe that? there was no leak, they made it up they are corrupt fake news....
the lamestream media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. the real people want to get back to work asap. we will be stronger than ever before!
today is national medalofhonorday. join me in a momentofhonor to remember those who have earned our nation's highest award for valor in combat. the nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for america’s values and the american way of life
congratulations to prime minister abe of japan, and the ioc, on their very wise decision to present the olympics in 2021. it will be a great success, and i look forward to being there!
the four hospitals that we (fema) are building in nyc at the javits convention center are moving along very well, ahead of schedule. many additional ventilators also delivered. good conversation with governor cuomo!
just reported that the united states has done far more “testing” than any other nation, by far! in fact, over an eight day span, the united states now does more testing than what south korea (which has been a very successful tester) does over an eight week span. great job!
the democrat’s best finest! …
gee, that’s too bad. such a fine guy. presidential aspirations you know! …
this is really great news! i am so happy i can barely speak. he may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse u.s. senator, but he is a rino, and i like him a lot! …
i am working very hard to help new york city state. dealing with both mayor governor and producing tremendously for them, including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. fake news that i won’t help them because i don’t like cuomo (i do). just sent 4000 ventilators!
“president trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from china saved tens of thousands of lives.” loudobbs foxbusiness
price transparency is so important for the people of our country. in many ways, it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. a great issue for both republicans and democrats. hopefully it will be approved!
will be doing a town hall on foxnews at 12:05 p.m. (now). i will go on around 1:00 p.m. enjoy!
our people want to return to work. they will practice social distancing and all else, and seniors will be watched over protectively lovingly. we can do two things together. the cure cannot be worse (by far) than the problem! congress must act now. we will come back strong!
congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. the longer it takes, the harder it will be to start up our economy. our workers will be hurt!
this is not about the ridiculous green new deal. it is about putting our great workers and companies back to work!
the defense production act is in full force, but haven’t had to use it because no one has said no! millions of masks coming as back up to states.
keep charlie number one. great book! …
thank you kirstie! …
buy the book and give liz some great reviews! oann …
a respected coal miner and great dad! rest in peace! …
the media is hopeless. too bad! …
thank you tony! …
the world market for face masks and ventilators is crazy. we are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. just got 400 ventilators for nycmayor bill de blasio. work beginning on 4 hospitals in new york! millions of different type items coming!
this will never be approved by me, or any other republican! …
the hill/harrisx: 61% to 39% approval rating on handling of coronavirus situation. thank you!
republicans had a deal until nancy pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. the democrats want the virus to win? they are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. they want open borders green new deal. republicans shouldn’t agree!
....us since the beginning of this crisis.” they meant the opposite? forgot to mention that i closed our country to china (and europe) very early, long before it was considered acceptable to do so. sleepy joe said i was “xenophobic”, but i saved thousands of lives! fake news!
this is the way the nytimes finished a story on me. “you can see the contrast between the steady, assured, informed and strong leadership that vp biden (sleepy joe) has shown, and the bungling, chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that mr. (not pres.) trump has shown....
....is not their fault in any way, shape, or form. they are working closely with us to get rid of it. we will prevail together!
it is very important that we totally protect our asian american community in the united states, and all around the world. they are amazing people, and the spreading of the virus....
a great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in new york and other places! covidー19 …
the new york times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the radical left. what should have been a good story got “worse worse”, until the headline alone made it very unfair. fake corrupt news that is very dangerous for our country!
this is why we need borders!
strong united, we will prevail! god bless the usa!
robert, we will end up stronger than ever before. thank you! …
we will be guided by the wishes of prime minister abe of japan, a great friend of the united states and a man who has done a magnificent job on the oly as to attending the oly in japan. he will make the proper decision!
we cannot let the cure be worse than the problem itself. at the end of the 15 day period, we will make a decision as to which way we want to go!
i watch and listen to the fake news, cnn, msdnc, abc, nbc, cbs, some of fox (desperately foolishly pleading to be politically correct), the nytimes, the washingtonpost, and all i see is hatred of me at any cost. don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
my friend (always there when i’ve needed him!), senator randpaul, was just tested “positive” from the chinese virus. that is not good! he is strong and will get better. just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
the hard working men and women of ups are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. your work is critical to the health of our nation, keep it up!
. jbpritzker, governor of illinois, and a very small group of certain other governors, together with fake news cnn concast (msdnc), shouldn’t be blaming the federal government for their own shortcomings. we are there to back you up should you fail, and always will be!
working very well with states and our nation’s governors. teamwork
thank you to fred smith and fedex for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our nation. keep it going!
ford, general motors and tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, fast! fema go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are? repmarkmeadows gopleader senatemajldr
so true! …
that doesn’t sound like michael, does it? …
maria is great! …
thank you jennpellegrino oann …
thank you david, so true! …
thank you! …
chinese virus fact chec
…
....be put in use immediately. people are dying, move fast, and god bless everyone! us_fda stevefda cdcgov dhsgov
hydroxychloroquine azithromycin, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. the fda has moved mountains thank you! hopefully they will both (h works better with a, international journal of antimicrobial agents).....
great story. thank you to mr. young of jonesboro, arkansas! …
…
…
today i spoke with our nation’s small businesses, which employ nearly half of america’s workforce. we are taking the most aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. we will always protect our small businesses! sbagov …
a great guy! …
steve is one of the very best in the senate. he is competing against a failed democrat presidential candidate who never got close to 1%, and was sent packing. had to be talked into this run by schumer. bad for 2nd a! i strongly endorse stevedaines! …
…
america’s private sector is stepping up to help us be strong! many of the nation’s distillers, large and small, are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight covid19. thank you! …
thank you to our police officers, fire fighters, and ems who help us defeat the virus every day. our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our first responders and their families. together we will beat this!
thank you! thankatrucker …
social distancing
we are going to win, sooner rather than later!
strong united, we will prevail
i only signed the defense production act to combat the chinese virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this together!
thank you herschelwalker! …
today i spoke with american physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true american heroes! with their help, america will win.
...it cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists and it cannot beat the love, patriotism, and determination of our citizens. strong and united, we will prevail!
i want all americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy, but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the american people...
15 days to slow the spread
thank you to our great american businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe! …
we will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our northern border with canada to non-essential traffic. trade will not be affected. details to follow!
....also, according to the daily caller, leading sleepy joe biden in florida, 48% to 42%.
95% approval rating in the republican party, 53% overall. not bad considering i get nothing but fake corrupt news, day and night. “russia, russia, russia”, then “the ukraine scam (where’s the whistleblower?)”, the “impeachment hoax”, and more, more, more....
the dnc will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated bernie sanders, far ahead of schedule. now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. bernie has given up, just like he did last time. he will be dropping out soon! maga/kag
i always treated the chinese virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the “borders” from china against the wishes of almost all. many lives were saved. the fake news new narrative is disgraceful false!
i will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the fda concerning the chinese virus!
i will totally protect your medicare social security!
for the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you. the onslaught of the chinese virus is not your fault! will be stronger than ever!
…
the world is at war with a hidden enemy. we will win!
federal government is working very well with the governors and state officials. good things will happen! killthevirus
failing michigan governor must work harder and be much more proactive. we are pushing her to get the job done. i stand with michigan!
cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same.” but all states aren’t the same. some are being hit hard by the chinese virus, some are being hit practically not at all. new york is a very big “hotspot”, west virginia has, thus far, zero cases. andrew, keep politics out of it....
the “times” is a disgrace to journalism! …
great news lindsey! …
the united states will be powerfully supporting those industries, like airlines and others, that are particularly affected by the chinese virus. we will be stronger than ever before!
i ask all americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. together we will stay strong and overcome this challenge!
yesterday i spoke with the great american grocers and supply chain executives. we are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. these beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. we are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
just had a very good tele-conference with nation’s governors. went very well. cuomo of new york has to “do more”.
everybody is so well unified and working so hard. it is a beautiful thing to see. they love our great country. we will end up being stronger than ever before!
god bless the usa!
i must say, that was a very boring debate. biden lied when he said i want to cut social security and medicare. that’s what they all said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, i saved social security and medicare. i will not be cutting, but they will. be careful!
the individual governors of states, and local officials, must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights, working in conjunction with cdcgov and the federal government!
the fake and corrupt news never called google. they said this was not true. even in times such as these, they are not truthful. watch for their apology, it won’t happen. more importantly, thank you to google! …
so now it is reported that, after destroying his life the life of his wonderful family (and many others also), the fbi, working in conjunction with the justice department, has “lost” the records of general michael flynn. how convenient. i am strongly considering a full pardon!
can’t believe they are not going after schumer for the threats he made to our cherished united states supreme court, and our two great justices. if a republican did that, there would be an endless price to pay. pathetic!
....the usa was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the h1n1 swine flu (biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time), but it soon will be. great decision to close our china, and other, borders early. saved many lives!
there will be a news conference by the coronavirus task force today at the white house, 5 p.m. vp we are working closely with the governors of our country’s great states, which are a very big factor. they are working hard, along with us, to get the job properly done.....
we are doing very precise medical screenings at our airports. pardon the interruptions and delays, we are moving as quickly as possible, but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. we must get it right. safety first!
i am watching a great and beautiful service by pastor jentezen franklin. thank you! jentezen
today is a national day of prayer. god bless everyone!
great job by judicial watch. potentially a treasure trove. too bad you are not given more help, but it will all work out! …
this took place in the rose garden, just coming out of a cold winter! …
amazing how the fake news never covers this. no interest on student loans. the dems are just talk! …
thank you sara. keep writing, great talent! …
thank you! …
tomorrow i have called for a national day of prayer. i will be tuning in to pastor jentezen at the freechapel church in gainesville, georgia at 11:00 am edt. god bless the usa! …
the cdcgov has published guidelines on to enable every american to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves, their families and their communities.
just had a nice conversation with prime minister justintrudeau of canada. great to hear that his wonderful wife sophie is doing very well. the united states and canada will continue to coordinate closely together on covid-19.
…
covid-19 update …
the united states loves italy
just finished a meeting on covid-19 in the situation room, news conference coming up shortly.
news conference at white house in 10 minutes.
social distancing!
attending meetings on covid-19 in the white house. working with states and local governments, many of whom have done a great job. full report latter!
biggest stock market rise in history yesterday!
larry, i am not surprised that candace was great. i would only be surprised if she wasn’t great! …
good teamwork between republicans democrats as the house passes the big coronavirus relief bill. people really pulled together. nice to see!
to those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, i want you to know that your federal government will unleash every authority, resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people
....the health and well-being of american families first. look forward to signing the final bill, asap!
....the secretary of the treasury and the secretary of labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will small businesses be hurt. i encourage all republicans and democrats to come together and vote yes! i will always put....
i fully support h.r. 6201: families first coronavirus response act, which will be voted on in the house this evening. this bill will follow my direction for free coronavirus tests, and paid sick leave for our impacted american workers. i have directed....
americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...we will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need, and that they are entitled to. no resource will be spared
....no matter where you may be, i encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. together, we will easily prevail!
it is my great honor to declare sunday, march 15th as a national day of prayer. we are a country that, throughout our history, has looked to god for protection and strength in times like these....
at my request, effective midnight tonight, carnival, royal caribbean, norwegian, and msc have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. it is a great and important industry it will be kept that way!
we will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. no resource will be spared
to unleash the full power of the federal government in this effort, today i am officially declaring a national emergency
i will be having a news conference today at 3:00 p.m., the white house. topic: coronavirus!
to this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to coronavirus. if we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
the federal reserve must finally lower the fed rate to something comparable to their competitor central banks. jay powell and group are putting us at a decided economic physiological disadvantage. should never have been this way. also, stimulate!
if you want to get money into the hands of people quickly efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, approve a payroll tax cut until the end of the year, december 31. then you are doing something that is really meaningful. only that will make a big difference!
.... their response to h1n1 swine flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. the changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. all red tape has been cut, ready to go!
for decades the cdcgov looked at, and studied, its testing system, but did nothing about it. it would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic, but a pandemic would never happen, they hoped. president obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
“the obama white house had to immediately issue an apology for joe biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a swine flu outbreak that took 6 months for president obama to declare a national emergency, and that killed 12,000 americans.” loudobbs
sleepy joe biden was in charge of the h1n1 swine flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. the response was one of the worst on record. our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings a 78% approval rating, the highest on record. his was lowest!
just had a great conversation with prime minister abe of japan. i told him that the just completed oly is magnificent. he has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. good things will happen for japan and their great prime minister. lots of options!
108 countries are dealing with the coronavirus problem, some of which we are helping!
keeping the workplace safe, encourage your employees to...
keeping commercial establishments safe, encourage your employees and customers to...
keeping the school safe, encourage your faculty, staff, and students to...
keeping the home safe, encourage your family members to...
many republican senators want me to veto the fisa bill until we find out what led to, and happened with, the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected president of the united states, and others!
“nancy pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck, you’re going to take home more money.” kilmeade foxandfriends
hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both republicans and democrats, and please remember, very important for all countries businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from europe. the restriction stops people not goods.
the media should view this as a time of unity and strength. we have a common enemy, actually, an enemy of the world, the coronavirus. we must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. there is nothing more important to me than the life safety of the united states!
i will be addressing the nation this evening at 9:00 p.m. (eastern) from the oval office.
i am fully prepared to use the full power of the federal government to deal with our current challenge of the coronavirus!
....we have the greatest healthcare system, experts, scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. together, we will prevail!
i want to thank all of our great government officials on the coronavirus task force who are working around the clock, in response to the coronavirus. continue to check for updates, and follow all recommendations that are available....
....together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against coronavirus to save lives in america and the world. america will get it done!
america is the greatest country in the world. we have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. they are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
someone needs to tell the democrats in congress that coronavirus doesn’t care what party you are in. we need to protect all americans!
vanity fair magazine, which will soon be out of business, and their third rate fake reporters, who make up sources which don’t exist, wrote yet another phony boring hit piece. the facts are just the opposite. our team is doing a great job with coronavirus!
thank you gavin. team is doing a great job! …
thank you idaho! kag202
pocahontas, working in conjunction with the democrat party, totally destroyed the campaign of bernie sanders. if she would have quit 3 days earlier, sanders would have beaten biden in a route, it wouldn’t even have been close. they also got two other losers to support sleepy joe!
thank you washington! kag202
thank you north dakota! kag202
....(which is under siege), is strong on crime and the border, and truly loves our military and our vets. he will be a great senator for the people of alabama. coach tommy tuberville, a winner, has my complete and total endorsement. i love alabama!
tommy tuberville @ ttuberville) is running for the u.s. senate from the great state of alabama. tommy was a terrific head football coach at auburn university. he is a real leader who will never let maga/kag, or our country, down! tommy will protect your second amendment....
thank you michigan! kag202
thank you missouri! kag202
thank you mississippi! kag202
best unemployment numbers in the history of our country. best employment number ever, almost 160 million people working right now. vote republican, unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
if you like automobiles, how can you vote for a democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. remember also, no more than one car per family. i, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over michigan, plus!
great meeting on capitol hill with the senategop
thank you senategop
ronald reagan’s great economist, the recipient of the presidential medal of freedom, has just said great things about a payroll tax cut!
our coronavirus team has been doing a great job. even democrat governors have been very complimentary!
nancy pelosi just said, “i don’t know if we can be ready this week.” in other words, it’s off to vacation for the do nothing democrats. that’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years!
there is another russia, russia, russia meeting today. it is headed up by corrupt politician adam “shifty” schiff, so i wouldn’t expect too much! dhs_wolf
the federal reserve must be a leader, not a very late follower, which it has been!
our pathetic, slow moving federal reserve, headed by jay powell, who raised rates too fast and lowered too late, should get our fed rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. they now have as much as a two point advantage, with even bigger currency help. also, stimulate!
well deserved jack. a great honor! …
true, with number 1 being more important! …
going to be a bad day for crazy bernie!
polls say they both lose to “trump”. …
wow! foxandfriends blew away the competition of morning joke (which did very poorly) on msdnc (another comcast sleaze production), and cnn’s new day, in the morning television ratings. a total blowout, but that’s what you get when you treat “trump” fairly!
going up fast. we need the wall more than ever! …
fake news!! …
oklahoma, vote for your great senator today. nobody better than jim! …
thank you, jim, for your incredible support of our maga agenda! you are a tremendous senator for the people of the great state of oklahoma and you have my complete and total endorsement! …
congressman stevenpalazzo is doing a fantastic job for the people of mississippi. he strongly supports our maga agenda. steven will continue to protect your 2a, support our incredible vets military. steven has my complete endorsement. vote for steven tomorrow, march 10th!
congressman michael guest @ guestcongress) is an incredible fighter for the great state of mississippi. michael is strong on crime and the border, he loves our military and vets. michael has my complete and total endorsement! get out and vote for michael tomorrow, march 10th!
so last year 37,000 americans died from the common flu. it averages between 27,000 and 70,000 per year. nothing is shut down, life the economy go on. at this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of coronavirus, with 22 deaths. think about that!
saudi arabia and russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. that, and the fake news, is the reason for the market drop!
good for the consumer, gasoline prices coming down!
so much fake news!
the best decision made was the toughest of them all which saved many lives. our very early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world!
great job being done by the vp and the coronavirus task force. thank you!
the obama/biden administration is the most corrupt administration in the history of our country!
“trump has outmastered the deep state. he’s light years ahead of us.” msdnc. i disagree. we have a long way to go. there are still some very bad, sick people in our government people who do not love our country (in fact, they hate our country!).
now the democrats are trying to smear bernie with russia, russia, russia. they are driving him crazy!
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren singlehandedly destroyed the bernie sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on super t. he lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. the dnc is doing it to bernie again! will he ever get angry?
cryin’ chuck schumer said, “you will pay the price for this. you won’t know what hit you.” that is far beyond simple rhetoric. that is a physical threat, or at least a threat that you better vote for us.” trouble ahead!
the fake news media and their partner, the democrat party, is doing everything within its semi-considerable power (it used to be greater!) to inflame the coronavirus situation, far beyond what the facts would warrant. surgeon general, “the risk is low to the average american.”
a great book, support charlie, buy it! already number one. …
working hard lori! …
there are no mixed messages, only political weaponization by people like you and your brother, fredo! …
who knows what this means, but it sounds good to me! …
the new york times is an embarrassment to journalism. they were a dead paper before i went into politics, and they will be a dead paper after i leave, which will be in 5 years. fake news is the enemy of the people!
we have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the white house for our attack on coronavirus. we moved very early to close borders to certain areas, which was a godsend. v.p. is doing a great job. the fake news media is doing everything possible to make us look bad. sad!
thank you senatortimscott
.....least 5 states the nomination. did the dnc dems tell elizabeth warren to wait? if so, they were deadly, the race would have been over, bernie would have won. dirty double dealing? nobody knows for sure, history will be the judge. but i say, here we go again, bernie!
we have now learned for sure that the democrats don’t want anything to do with crazy bernie. rigged? first amyklobuchar @ petebuttigieg quit the race come out for sleepy joe before super tuesday. pocahontas says no quits race after election, thereby depriving bernie of at..
i agree with joe! …
thank you to the great state of tennessee. we are with you all the way! …
thank you govbilllee and marialeetn. my administration will always be there for the great people of tennessee. together, we will prevail!
....i want to thank acting chief mick mulvaney for having served the administration so well. he will become the united states special envoy for northern ireland. thank you!
i am pleased to announce that congressman mark meadows will become white house chief of staff. i have long known and worked with mark, and the relationship is a very good one....
congratulations to foxnews! …
…
thank you govbilllee. we are a phone call away, and here for you! …
my administration is with you all of the way, tennessee. we love you! …
spoke to governor gavinnewsom early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the california coast. coronavirus test kits have been delivered, testing is taking place now
it is fake news that hhsgov secazar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the coronavirus task force. he has the total confidence of the vp and myself, and is doing a fantastic job, as the numbers would indicate!
i will protect your social security and medicare, just as i have for the past 3 years. sleepy joe biden will destroy both in very short order, and he won’t even know he’s doing it!
…
jobs, jobs, jobs!!! …
thanks linda, but they were really good last night! …
thank you! …
my great honor! …
thank you audrey
the wall is well under construction. so far we’re up to 129 miles, and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed
we have appointed 220 federal judges and two supreme court justices. promises made, promises kept
thank you david, a lifelong democrat from pennsylvania. we will continue making america great again and then, keep america great!!!
thank you scranton, pennsylvania. it was a great evening
tonight’s fox news town hall with marthamaccallum and bretbaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 p.m. eastern on foxnews. enjoy!
thank you nan! …
gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the coronavirus situation. the april 2009-10 swine flu, where nearly 13,000 people died in the u.s., was poorly handled. ask msdnc lightweight washington failure ronaldklain, who the president was then?
the department of education is not closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our country. this is just more fake news. we are investing greatly in our schools, and always will!
mini mike, you’re easy! …
with approximately 100,000 coronavirus cases worldwide, and 3,280 deaths, the united states, because of quick action on closing our borders, has, as of now, only 129 cases (40 americans brought in) and 11 deaths. we are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
“joe biden represents the past. president trump represents the future.” lisamarieboothe edhenry foxnews
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren, who was going nowhere except into mini mike’s head, just dropped out of the democrat primary...three days too late. she cost crazy bernie, at least, massachusetts, minnesota and texas. probably cost him the nomination! came in third in mass.
. gopleader kevin mccarthy informed me that i was 20 for 20 on tuesday with respect to my endorsement of candidates. sadly, i didn’t get that information from the fake news media. they don’t report those things, or the far more than dems cumulative votes, despite no opposition!
“i want to commend the president for how he has handled the coronavirus situation, especially his early decision to shut down access into our country from china, despite strong opposition to that decision.” sentomcotton thank you tom!
schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the united states supreme court!
i never said people that are feeling sick should go to work. this is just more fake news and disinformation put out by the democrats, in particular msdnc. comcast covers the coronavirus situation horribly, only looking to do harm to the incredible successful effort being made!
as per recent federal court ruling, the federal government will be withholding funds from sanctuary cities. they should change their status and go non-sanctuary. do not protect criminals!
i will be interviewed by seanhannity on foxnews at 9:10 p.m.
retired four star general jack keane will receive the presidential medal of freedom next week!
there can be few things worse in a civilized, law abiding nation, than a united states senator openly, and for all to see and hear, threatening the supreme court or its justices. this is what chuck schumer just did. he must pay a severe price for this!
this is a direct dangerous threat to the u.s. supreme court by schumer. if a republican did this, he or she would be arrested, or impeached. serious action must be taken now! …
thank you, keep up the great work! …
congress has agreed to provide $8 billion to fight coronavirus! this means cdcgov, hhsgov, and dhsgov will have the resources they need to keep america safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. this is great news for our health, our economy, and our nation!
will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 p.m. eastern on foxnews. enjoy!
pandering mini mike bloomberg, along with his wacky friend, tom steyer, have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election! they both wish they had it to do over again!
today, it was my great honor to address the latinocoalition legislative summit. with the hard work, love devotion of millions of incredible hispanic-americans, our country is thriving, our people are prospering, and our future has never looked brighter! …
mini mike, “three months ago i entered the race for president to defeat donald trump, (and i failed miserably!).
mini mike bloomberg will now fire tim o’brien, and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this mess. this has been the worst, and most embarrassing, experience of his life...and now on to sleepy joe!
mini mike bloomberg just “quit” the race for president. i could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes, and he would have saved himself a billion dollars, the real cost. now he will pour money into sleepy joe’s campaign, hoping to save face. it won’t work!
the mayor of los angeles, ericgarcetti, is dealing with us trying to get the federal government to fix the terrible problem he and the dems have caused with the homeless, and the horrendous effects it is having on the city, which is a mess. i then watch him talk “trash” on me!
wow! if elizabeth warren wasn’t in the race, bernie sanders would have easily won massachusetts, minnesota and texas, not to mention various other states. our modern day pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner, but she may very well go down as the all time great spoiler!
the great people of montana can have no better voice than senator stevedaines. he is doing an incredible job! whoever the democrat nominee may be, please understand that i will be working hard with steve all the way, last night i was 20 for 20 (per gopleader). we need steve!
i will be going to the great state of tennessee on friday. the usa stands with the people of tennessee 100%, whatever they need! the tornadoes were of record size velocity. god bless your loved ones all of the families affected! thanks to govbilllee @ marshablackburn
make america great again and then, keep america great!!!!
this is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed attorney general of the united states then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to stare down end the phony russia witch hunt. recuses himself on first day in office, and the mueller scam begins! …
so selfish for elizabeth warren to stay in the race. she has zero chance of even coming close to winning, but hurts bernie badly. so much for their wonderful liberal friendship. will he ever speak to her again? she cost him massachusetts (and came in third), he shouldn’t!
the democrat establishment came together and crushed bernie sanders, again! even the fact that elizabeth warren stayed in the race was devastating to bernie and allowed sleepy joe to unthinkably win massachusetts. it was a perfect storm, with many good states remaining for joe!
thank you california! kag202
thank you utah! kag202
but they really knew who was going to win! …
elizabeth “pocahontas” warren, other than mini mike, was the loser of the night. she didn’t even come close to winning her home state of massachusetts. well, now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
the biggest loser tonight, by far, is mini mike bloomberg. his “political” consultants took him for a ride. $700 million washed down the drain, and he got nothing for it but the nickname mini mike, and the complete destruction of his reputation. way to go mike!
thank you arkansas! kag202
thank you minnesota! kag202
thank you colorado! kag202
thank you texas! kag202
thank you maine! kag202
thank you tennessee! kag202
thank you massachusetts! kag202
thank you oklahoma! kag202
thank you alabama! kag202
thank you north carolina! kag202
thank you vermont! kag202
the national institutes of health is home to some of the greatest doctors, scientists, and researchers in the world. thank you for all your doing nih, keep up the great work!
i am calling on congress to send me a bill that fully and permanently funds the lwcf and restores our national parks. when i sign it into law, it will be historic for our beautiful public lands. all thanks to sencorygardner and stevedaines, two great conservative leaders!
i commend the hard work of senator stevedaines and sencorygardner in protecting funding for the land and water conservation fund for years to come. the citizens of montana and colorado thank you both!
# prayfornashvill
it was my great honor to address the national association of counties legislative conference where 1,200 county leaders whose incredible devotion, talent, and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of americans each and every day. …
the federal reserve is cutting but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countries/competitors. we are not playing on a level field. not fair to usa. it is finally time for the federal reserve to lead. more easing and cutting!
prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in tennessee. we will continue to monitor the developments. the federal government is with you all of the way during this difficult time. …
mini mike bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure a choker!
new book by charliekirk11, already number 1, “the maga doctrine”. really great, support charlie kirk. buy now!
go admiral ronny! …
texas oklahoma: mini mike bloomberg will kill your drilling, fracking and pipelines. petroleum based “anything” is dead. energy jobs gone. don’t vote for mini mike!
....paying higher rates than many others, when we should be paying less. tough on our exporters and puts the usa at a competitive disadvantage. must be the other way around. should ease and cut rate big. jerome powell led federal reserve has called it wrong from day one. sad!
australia’s central bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for china’s coronavirus situation and slowdown. they reduced to 0.5%, a record low. other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. our federal reserve has us....
thank you jackbrewerbsi. we’re with you all the way. the american people know what’s going on, they totally get it. watch what happens in november 2020! thank you for your continued support. together, we are going to keep america great! blackvoicesfortrump …
wow! sleepy joe doesn’t know where he is, or what he’s doing. honestly, i don’t think he even knows what office he's running for
the democrats in the house should propose a very simple one year payroll tax cut. great for the middle class, great for the usa!
this is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the great american comeback! jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, poverty is plummeting, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the u.s. military. promises made, promises kept
i was thrilled to be back in the great city of charlotte, north carolina with thousands of hardworking american patriots who love our country, cherish our values, respect our laws, and always put america first! thank you for a wonderful evening!! kag202
…
wow! thank you, just landed, see everyone soon! kag202
departing for the great state of north carolina
they are staging a coup against bernie!
thank you! …
michelle fischbachmn7 is running for congress in minnesota. michelle will protect the unborn, is strong on crime borders, cutting taxes, your 2a, loves our military, vets, will stand w/ our great farmers. michelle has my complete total endorsement! …
congresswoman kay grangercampaign has worked hard for texas and been a strong supporter of our maga agenda. she’s strong on 2a and securing our border and is 100% pro-life. kay has my complete and total endorsement! …
thank you billcassidy for all of your support with our maga agenda. you are doing an outstanding job representing the people of louisiana the u.s.a. you have my complete and total endorsement! kag2020 …
the only people in favor of mini mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!
. foxnews is working hard pushing the radical left, do nothing democrats. they want to be, unlike their competitors, cnn msdnc (comcast), fair balanced. when will they ever learn. the radical left never even gave foxnews permission to partake in their low rated debates!
....competitive disadvantage. we should be leading, not following!
as usual, jay powell and the federal reserve are slow to act. germany and others are pumping money into their economies. other central banks are much more aggressive. the u.s. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest rate. we don’t, putting us at a.....
jack welch, former chairman and ceo of ge, a business legend, has died. there was no corporate leader like “neutron” jack. he was my friend and supporter. we made wonderful deals together. he will never be forgotten. my warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife family!
i was criticized by the democrats when i closed the country down to china many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. saved many lives. dems were working the impeachment hoax. they didn’t have a clue! now they are fear mongering. be calm vigilant!
“ever since (mini mike) bloomberg’s bad debate performances, his support has dropped.” abcnews dropped a lot. only his highly paid consultants, who are laughing all the way to the bank, still support him...and by the way, he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
i am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the white house about progress on a vaccine and cure. progress being made!
“the democrat party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.” kayleighmcenany judgejeanine
gallup poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding, the best. thank you! …
watch mark levin interview of charlie kirk tonight at 11:00 p.m. on foxnews. amazing!!! and, while you’re at it, go get charlie’s new book, “the maga doctrine: the only ideas that will win the future”...this is a really great book. support charlie kirk!
sleepy eyes chuck todd is not at the top of his game! thank you. …
sleepy joe biden also said that guns killed 150 million americans last year, wants to win georgia on super tuesday (not up), and got his speaking location wrong again! …
thank you! …
thank you. i love you too! …
the black community brilliantly turned their backs on mini mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them! …
mini mike bloomberg didn’t bring nyc back, as he said in his fake ad. it was rudygiuliani who brought nyc back and who also, with his endorsement, got mini mike elected (with barely a thank you). a boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
pete buttigieg is out. all of his supertuesday votes will go to sleepy joe biden. great timing. this is the real beginning of the dems taking bernie out of play no nomination, again!
people are disgusted and embarrassed by the fake news media, as headed by the nytimes, washingtonpost, comcast msdnc, abc, cbsnews and more. they no longer believe what they see and read, and for good reason. fake news is, indeed, the enemy of the people!
“who better than @repratcliffe, who got to the bottom of the fisagate russiagate hoax. it makes a lot of sense to put john ratcliffe in there (dni).the senate should quickly approve him. devinnunes mariabartiromo john will do a great job for the american people!
a poll in today’s new york post says that 77% of “u.s. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the coronavirus (number one), compared to other health threats.” 64% for zika, 58% for ebola. others way down on list. our professionals are doing a great job!
the food is great at sammy’s mexican grill in phoenix, arizona. congratulations to betty jorge rivas on doing such a wonderful job. i will try hard to stop by the next time i am in phoenix. support sammy’s! foxandfriends
coronavirus: in addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries, or areas within those countries, they will also be screened when they arrive in america. thank you! vp secazar cdcgov cdcdirector
.....a very dark and lonely path! your reputation will never be the same!
mini mike bloomberg’s consultants and so-called “advisors”(how did that advice work out? don’t ask!), are on the “gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing mini hard, when they knew he never had what it takes. don’t pay them anymore mike, they led you down....
i would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates tom steyer, or mini mike bloombeg, would contribute to the democrat party, even against me, after the way they have been treated laughed at mocked. the real politicians ate them up and spit them out!
tom steyer who, other than mini mike bloomberg, spent more dollars for nothing than any candidate in history, quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the democrat clown show. go away tom and save whatever little money you have left!
congratulations to sleepy joe biden!
democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of crazy bernie sanders, and take the nomination away from him!
sleepy joe biden’s victory in the south carolina democrat primary should be the end of mini mike bloomberg’s joke of a campaign. after the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates, mini mike now has biden split up his very few voters, taking many away!
the best is yet to come
dana, you are the real deal
thank you cpac! cpac202
…
…
i will be having a 1:30 p.m. press conference at the white house to discuss the latest coronavirus developments. thank you!
thank you south carolina
south carolina was great. a big really enthusiastic crowd!
a so-called reporter named johnjharwood, who bombed so badly in the 2016 presidential debates that i thought he was going to be immediately fired (a mini mike type performance), is now with fake news cnn. a total loser!
i hope we can get admiral ronnyjackson4tx of texas, who served our country so well, into the runoff election in tx13! ronny is strong on crime and borders, great for our military and vets, and will protect your 2a. get out and vote for ronny on tuesday, march 3rd!
thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers in south carolina tonight. we love you
it was my great honor to be back in south carolina tonight, with thousands of hardworking american patriots who believe in faith, family, god and country. thank you for a beautiful evening! kag2020 …
i am pleased to announce the nomination of (congressman john ratcliffe) to be director of national intelligence (dni). would have completed process earlier, but john wanted to wait until after ig report was finished. john is an outstanding man of great talent!
on my way to the great state of south carolina. see everyone soon! maga ka
nobody fights harder for montana than stevedaines. steve is a close friend of mine, a strong conservative, and a tremendous supporter of our maga agenda. he is strong on crime borders, great for our military vets, will protect your 2a. steve has my complete endorsement!
the dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from bernie. back room politics, which bernie is not very good at. his people will not let it happen again!
mini mike is getting slammed. his debates were, perhaps, the worst in presidential debating history. a total phony who disavowed “stop frisk” after swearing by it for years, and even recently. he horribly overused it, then dropped when running as a dem. a total phony!
we strongly stand with terrence! …
…
“you go around pennsylvania and you see trump signs everywhere. the donald trump situation is bigger than the reagan revolution. donald trump has inspired us.” rjharris15 whp580
worst polls, just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark, are the foxnews polls. why doesn’t fox finally get a competent polling company?
to the people of south carolina, tom steyer is a joke, laughed at by everyone, a total incompetent. he made money in coal, now he “hates” coal. did you see him fawning over crazy bernie? has no chance, a loser for south carolina, doesn’t deserve your vote!
will be in the great state of south carolina tonight, 7:00 p.m., for a really big rally. best place to be is a trump rally. see you later!
“federal court deals major blow to sanctuary cities.” foxnews in other words, there will be no more federal tax dollars to states cities that will not cooperate with federal law enforcement (ice). this is big news! funds will be cut off immediately. make america great again!
the do nothing democrats were busy wasting time on the immigration hoax, anything else they could do to make the republican party look bad, while i was busy calling early border flight closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with coronavirus. dems called it very wrong!
so, the coronavirus, which started in china and spread to various countries throughout the world, but very slowly in the u.s. because president trump closed our border, and ended flights, very early, is now being blamed, by the do nothing democrats, to be the fault of “trump”.
so nice! …
“diagnosis positive: cnn is infected with trump derangement syndrome. i’m calling out cnn for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” trish_regan foxnews like i say, they are fake news!
word is that mini mike bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates, that he is thinking about dropping out of the democrat primary. the fact is, he was not true to himself, and the public was able to quickly figure him out. not a good experience for mini mike!
congratulations and thank you to our great vice president all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at cdc all other agencies on the coronavirus situation. only a very small number in u.s., china numbers look to be going down. all countries working well together!
“anti-trump network cnn doing whatever it can to stoke a national coronavirus panic. the far left network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame president trump.” trish_regan foxnews media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
…
they spied on my campaign! …
. repkevinbrady (r) of texas-08 loves texas our country. he has been a great congressman supporter of maga. strong on crime, border, military, vets and your 2a, he is the best tax cutter in d.c. kevin has my complete total endorsement. vote on march 3rd. thank you!
…
nancy has allowed her district to go down more than any other in the usa! hardly even recognizable. …
my two great friends. proud of you both! …
eric, i can live with that! …
piers, i like you too! …
big rally in the great state of south carolina on friday. see you there!
“every poll you look at shows that black support for president trump is growing.” realcandaceo mariabartiromo
big story, big win except in the fake news, which won’t cover it! …
....during a debate). pocahontas was mean, undisciplined, mostly aiming at crazy bernie and mini mike. they don’t know how to handle her, but i know she is a “chocker”. steyer was a disaster who, along with mini, are setting records in $’s per vote. just give me an opponent!
crazy, chaotic democrat debate last night. fake news said biden did well, even though he said half of our population was shot to death. would be over for most. mini mike was weak and unsteady, but helped greatly by his many commercials (which are not supposed to be allowed....
i will be having a news conference at the white house, on this subject, today at 6:00 p.m. cdc representatives, and others, will be there. thank you!
low ratings fake news msdnc (comcast) @ cnn are doing everything possible to make the caronavirus look as bad as possible, including panicking markets, if possible. likewise their incompetent do nothing democrat comrades are all talk, no action. usa in great shape! cdcgov.....
just landed. india was great, trip very successful. heading to the white house. meetings and calls scheduled today. cdcgov, secazar and all doing a great job with respect to coronavirus! briefing this afternoon.
“u.s. acted on the coronavirus very, very quickly.” gordon chang ingrahamangle
thank you! …
russia wants him to win! …
an absolute disgrace! …
52% in the new rasmussen poll. 95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
....democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. if the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a really poor, and even incompetent, job. not fair, but it is what it is. so far, by the way, we have not had one death. let’s keep it that way!
cdc and my administration are doing a great job of handling coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. it was opposed by the dems, “too soon”, but turned out to be the correct decision. no matter how well we do, however, the.....
that is because they cover your favorite president relatively well. cnn msdnc are dying in the ratings! …
no surprise! …
true, but we are getting it all done! …
a total miscarriage of justice! …
there has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the roger stone case. look at her background. she never revealed her hatred of “trump” and stone. she was totally biased, as is the judge. roger wasn’t even working on my campaign. miscarriage of justice. sad to watch!
cryin’ chuck schumer is complaining, for publicity purposes only, that i should be asking for more money than $2.5 billion to prepare for coronavirus. if i asked for more he would say it is too much. he didn’t like my early travel closings. i was right. he is incompetent!
…
....on all trump, or trump related, matters! while “elections have consequences”, i only ask for fairness, especially when it comes to decisions made by the united states supreme court!
“sotomayor accuses gop appointed justices of being biased in favor of trump.” ingrahamangle foxnews this is a terrible thing to say. trying to “shame” some into voting her way? she never criticized justice ginsberg when she called me a “faker”. both should recuse themselves..
..it has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started mueller report, fisa, the leaking, lying more. schiff should not have access to intelligence, he is a corrupt pol. “amazing that they went to bernie sanders, but not to president trump.” marthamaccallum
“u.s. intelligence official overstated assessment of russian efforts to help trump.” foxnews greggjarrett they supposedly told crazy bernie that russia was looking at him, not me. this is all a big scam between intel and the democrats. they want bernie out, hate “trump”.
spelled giannocaldwell!
great new book just out, “taken for granted, how conservatives can win back americans that liberalism failed”, by gianni caldwell, a young winner! he will be at the ronald reagan library, simi valley, california, on thursday at 6 pm, pt. check it out!
totally correct! …
the coronavirus is very much under control in the usa. we are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. cdc world health have been working hard and very smart. stock market starting to look very good to me!
set up by schiff’s lies leaks. same with the mueller witch hunt 3 years ago! …
thank you narendramodi! …
thank you lori, so true! …
मैं इसी लिए भारत आया हूँ, सद्भावना और प्रेम के साथ ताकि हम अपनी अभिलाषा प्रतीक अपनी सांझेदारी और अविश्वसनीय विस्तार सकें
our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words: “we the people.” that means that in america and india alike, we honor, respect, trust, empower, and fight for the citizens we proudly serve!
अमेरिका और भारत अपने देशों को मजबूत बनाएँगे, अपने लोगों को सम्पन्न बनाएँगे, बड़े सपने देखने वालों को और बड़ा बनाएँगे और अपना भविष्य पहले से कहीं अधिक उज्जवल बनाएँगे... और यह तो शुरुआत ही है।
प्रथम महिला और मैं इस देश के हर नागरिक को एक सन्देश देने के लिए दुनिया का 8000 मील का चक्कर लगा कर यहां आये हैं l अमेरिका भारत को प्रेम करता है अमेरिका भारत का सम्मान करता है और अमरीका के लोग हमेशा भारत के लोगों के सच्चे और निष्ठावान दोस्त रहेंगे l …
हम भारत आने के लिए तत्पर हैं हम रास्ते में हैँ, कुछ ही घंटों में हम सबसे मिलेंगे!
95% approval rating in the republican party, a record. 218 federal judges, also a record. 2 supreme court justices. thank you!
crazy bernie and the democrats should see this. i have done far more for the african american community than any president. secured funding for hbcus, criminal justice reform, opportunity zones, school choice, record low unemployment, and so much more. the best is yet to come! …
jeff van drew is a courageous leader that left the do nothing democrats to better serve the great people of new jersey. happy birthday congressmanjvd!
are any democrat operatives, the dnc, or crooked hillary clinton, blaming russia, russia, russia for the bernie sanders win in nevada. if so i suggest calling bob mueller the 13 angry democrats to do a new mueller report, democrat edition. bob will get to the bottom of it!
somebody please tell incompetent (thanks for my high poll numbers) corrupt politician adam “shifty” schiff to stop leaking classified information or, even worse, made up information, to the fake news media. someday he will be caught, that will be a very unpleasant experience!
look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters cpac on saturday, february 29th! kag202
departing for india with melania
just another shifty schiff leak. isn’t there a law about this stuff? …
“the kremlin is reportedly backing bernie sanders bid to win the white house.” jon scott foxnews why didn’t somebody tell me this?
looks like crazy bernie is doing well in the great state of nevada. biden the rest look weak, no way mini mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates. congratulations bernie, don’t let them take it away from you!
look so forward to being with my great friends in india! …
wow, great foresight! …
democrats in the great state of nevada (which, because of the economy, jobs, the military vets, i will win in november), be careful of russia, russia, russia. according to corrupt politician adam “shifty” schiff, they are pushing for crazy bernie sanders to win. vote!
“an investigation into nothing.” the wonderful trish_regan on the mueller witch hunt!
incredible people, great rally! …
good luck angela! …
simply put, he choked! …
....the reason for this is that the do nothing democrats, using disinformation hoax number 7, don’t want bernie sanders to get the democrat nomination, and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. it’s all rigged, again, against crazy bernie sanders!
msdnc (comcast slime), cnn and others of the fake media, have now added crazy bernie to the list of russian sympathizers, along with tulsigabbard jill stein (of the green party), both agents of russia, they say. but now they report president putin wants bernie (or me) to win.
republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, every walk of life. we are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy enthusiasm. we are welcoming americans of all parties political persuasions to join our incredible movement to maga
thank you las vegas, nevada! i was delighted to be back in a state i love, with proud, hardworking patriots. with your help, this november, we are going to defeat the radical socialist democrats, and we are going to win nevada in a landslide! kag2020 …
on my way! kag202
so teamcavuto has very bad ratings on foxnews with his fake guests like a.b.stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. will he get the same treatment as his friend shepherd smith, who also suffered from the ratings drought?
@ senategop highest trump poll numbers ever! thank you!
mitch and i have made great progress. coming back fast! …
four great candidates are under consideration at dni. decision within next few weeks!
great! …
another misinformation campaign is being launched by democrats in congress saying that russia prefers me to any of the do nothing democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in iowa. hoax number 7!
if our formally targeted farmers need additional aid until such time as the trade deals with china, mexico, canada and others fully kick in, that aid will be provided by the federal government, paid for out of the massive tariff money coming into the usa!
“she should never have been on that jury. everything about this stinks.” judgejeanine seanhannity foxnews
great rally in colorado. thank you, will be back soon!
thank you to our great us ambassador to germany, richardgrenell, for stepping in to serve as acting dni. i will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. stay tuned!
i was thrilled to be back in colorado springs tonight, beneath the majestic peaks of the rocky mountains, with thousands of terrific, hardworking american patriots. with your help, this november, we are going to defeat the radical socialist dems, and we are going to win colorado
wow, thank you on my way!! …
just arrived in colorado, see everyone soon
could somebody at foxnews please explain to trump hater a.b. stoddard (zero talent!) and teamcavuto, that i won every one of my debates, from beginning to end. check the polls taken immediately after the debates. the debates got me elected. must be fox board member paul ryan!
it was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the lvmpd’s hope for prisoners graduation ceremony today, where we reaffirmed that america is a nation that believes in redemption
“the real winner last night was donald trump.” mini mike bloomberg. i agree!
“the decision not to prosecute andy mccabe is utterly inexplicable.” judgenap harrisfaulkner foxnews
“i don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of senator sanders defeating president trump.” mini mike bloomberg. mini, there’s even less chance, especially after watching your debate performance last night, of you winning the democrat nomination...but i hope you do!
john kerry and senator chris murphy grossly violated the logan act with respect to iran. if a republican did what they did, there would be very serious ramifications!
“they say roger stone lied to congress.” cnn oh, i see, but so did comey (and he also leaked classified information, for which almost everyone, other than crooked hillary clinton, goes to jail for a long time), and so did andy mccabe, who also lied to the fbi! fairness?
a really great moment! …
this is the real mini mike. he admitted, many times, that he is “a fan of donald trump. he’s a new york icon.” thank you mike! …
. jrubinblogger (jennifer rubin), the wacko “conservative” of the washingtonpost, must learn how to spell the name bloomberg before it is too late he is gone! …
mini mike bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates, and there have been some really bad ones. he was stumbling, bumbling and grossly incompetent. if this doesn’t knock him out of the race, nothing will. not so easy to do what i did!
thank you arizona! with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning! america is thriving like never before, and the best is yet to come
“what has happened to roger stone should never happen to anyone in our country again.” tuckercarlson foxnews
the democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total destruction of your second amendment. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream
a beautiful evening in phoenix, arizona with great american patriots. thank you! …
wow! …
....for the wonderful job he has done, and we look forward to working with him closely, perhaps in another capacity within the administration!
i am pleased to announce that our highly respected ambassador to germany, richardgrenell, will become the acting director of national intelligence. rick has represented our country exceedingly well and i look forward to working with him. i would like to thank joe maguire....
i am on my way, see you soon! …
heading to arizona, big rally and big crowd! maga kag2020
rod blagojevich did not sell the senate seat. he served 8 years in prison, with many remaining. he paid a big price. another comey and gang deal! thank you to lisamarieboothe who really “gets” what’s going on! foxnews
internal real polls show i am beating all of the dem candidates. the fake news polls (here we go again, just like 2016) show losing or tied. their polls will be proven corrupt on november 3rd, just like the fake news is corrupt!
i would like to thank john rood for his service to our country, and wish him well in his future endeavors! …
highest stock market in history, by far!
is corrupt bloomberg news going to say what a pathetic debater mini mike is, that he doesn’t respect our great farmers, or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
kerry murphy illegally violated the logan act. this is why iran is not making a deal. must be dealt with strongly! …
there must be justice. this can never happen to a president, or our country, again! …
congratulations to eddie debartolo jr. and your wonderful family of friends
...and this despite fake witch hunts, the mueller scam, the impeachment hoax etc. with our economy, jobs, military, vets, 2a more, i would be at 70%. oh well, what can you do? …
thank you! maga kag202
i hope the federal judges association will discuss the tremendous fisa court abuse that has taken place with respect to the mueller investigation scam, including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited dossier before the court. thank you!
mini mike. no, i would rather run against you!
.....mini is illegally buying the democrat nomination. they are taking it away from bernie again. mini mike, major party nominations are not for sale! good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember, no standing on boxes!
what mini mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. he is “spreading” money all over the place, only to have recipients of his cash payments, many former opponents, happily joining or supporting his campaign. isn’t that called a payoff? .....
chris jacobs will be a great congressman who will always fight for the people of new york. he supports our maga agenda, will continue to secure our border, loves our military, vets, and is strong on the 2a. chris has my complete endorsement for the special election on 4/28!
the mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. he shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system, he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in! …
.....would order a new trial, i’m not so sure about judge jackson, i don’t know.” judgenap (andrew napolitano) foxandfriends
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the president the people who support him. don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). i think almost any judge in the country.....
“judge jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....the united states is open for business!
....i have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by congress, and they are ridiculous. i want to make it easy to do business with the united states, not difficult. everyone in my administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
....product and goods to china and other countries. that’s what trade is all about. we don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. that will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. as an example, i want china to buy our jet engines, the best in the world....
the united states cannot, will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used national security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. we want to sell...
the crooked dnc is working overtime to take the democrat nomination away from bernie, again! watch what happens to the super delegates in round two. a rigged convention!
....but maybe i still will. witch hunt!
....badly tainted and, in my opinion, should be thrown out. even mueller’s statement to congress that he did not see me to become the fbi director (again), has been proven false. the whole deal was a total scam. if i wasn’t president, i’d be suing everyone all over the place...
these were mueller prosecutors, and the whole mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited fake dossier, lying and forging documents to the fisa court, and many other things. everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
.....would order a new trial, i’m not so sure about judge jackson, i don’t know.” judgenap (andrew napolitano) foxandfriends
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the president the people who support him. don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). i think almost any judge in the country.....
“judge jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘madam foreperson, your a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
thank you clint! …
praying for ryan newman, a great and brave nascar driver! prayingforryan
....ever. had to rebuild our military, which was totally depleted. fed rate up, taxes and regulations way down. if dems won in 2016, the usa would be in big economic (depression?) military trouble right now. the best is yet to come. keep america great!
did you hear the latest con job? president obama is now trying to take credit for the economic boom taking place under the trump administration. he had the weakest recovery since the great depression, despite zero fed rate massive quantitative easing. now, best jobs numbers....
completion of the daytona 500 on fox network now. enjoy!
“they tried to impeach the president eight times before this last impeachment trial that we went through. in arizona, people are tired of their obstruction, their investigations, and their impeachments. they want them to get to work.” senmcsallyaz foxandfriends thanks martha
happy president’s day!
# daytona50
last week the fake news said that a section of our powerful, under construction, southern border wall “fell over”, trying to make it sound terrible, except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured soaking wet when big winds kicked in. quickly fixed “forever”.
getting ready to go to the daytona 500. will be great!
thank you to jackbrewerbsi for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful african-american agenda. for one, lowest unemployment numbers in usa history. many other great records! foxandfriends foxnews
big progress! …
remember, will be at daytona 500 tomorrow!
years ago the democrats had the money to build the wall, but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done. i am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible! …
thank you david! …
ig report on andrew mccabe: misled investigators over roll in news media disclosure...lacked candor (lied) on four separate occasions...authotized media leaks to advance personal interests...ig recommended mccabe’s firing. foxnews ingrahamangle
.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened, ready to claim exoneration, and take his case of grievance, persecution and resentment to the campaign trail.” peter baker nytimes the greatest witch hunt in american history!
“ralph waldo emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the senate impeachment trial of president trump. ‘when you strike at the king, emerson famously said, “you must kill him.’ mr. trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. a triumphant mr.trump emerges from the.....
make america great again and then, keep america great! …
nice! …
great honor, i think? mark zuckerberg recently stated that “donald j. trump is number 1 on facebook. number 2 is prime minister modi of india.” actually, i am going to india in two weeks. looking forward to it!
. louiegohmerttx1 is a fantastic republican from the great state of texas! he fully supports our maga and kag agenda, border wall, military, vets, and your second amendment. louie is my friend and has my complete and total endorsement!
i look forward to attending the daytona 500 on sunday with lots of my great friends from florida, including the france family and repmichaelwaltz from fl6. see you there, good luck to everyone! nascar senrickscott marcorubio govrondesantis …
thank you arnold, very nice. …
....today, flotus and i encourage all americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. we will hold parkland forever in our hearts.
it has been two years since the tragedy in parkland. we will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. earlier this week, i met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul....
. tommcclintock is a strong conservative leader who will always fight for the people of california. he fully supports our maga agenda, will continue to secure our border, loves our military vets, is strong on the 2a. tom has my complete endorsement!
. jodeyarrington from the great state of texas has been an incredible supporter of our maga agenda. jodey fully supports securing our border w/ the wall, he loves our military vets, and is strong on the 2a. jodey has my complete and total endorsement!
. mointhehouse brooks is running for congress in the great state of alabama. he is a huge supporter of the maga agenda. mo fully supports securing our border w/the wall, he loves our military vets, is strong on the 2a. mo has my complete endorsement!
“the greatest name in politics,” patrick mchenrycampaign from the great state of north carolina, is a conservative fighter and a true leader who always supports our maga agenda. patrick has my complete and total endorsement! …
thank you to the beautiful country of cambodia for accepting the carnivalcruise ship westerdam into your port. the united states will remember your courtesy! mickyarison
it is happening again to crazy bernie, just like last time, only far more obvious. they are taking the democrat nomination away from him, and there’s very little he can do. a rigged system!
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
....always continue. every republican senator except romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the impeachment hoax. sencapito was all in (a great person). i was told by many that manchin was just a puppet for schumer pelosi. that’s what he is!
i was very surprised disappointed that senator joe manchin of west virginia voted against me on the democrat’s totally partisan impeachment hoax. no president has done more for the great people of west virginia than me (pensions), and that will....
“president trump, with smart policies, has done more to help the black community than any president in the modern era.” ingrahamangle foxnews
“the president has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” a.g. barr this doesn’t mean that i do not have, as president, the legal right to do so, i do, but i have so far chosen not to!
i’m seeing governor cuomo today at the white house. he must understand that national security far exceeds politics. new york must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits harrassment, start cleaning itself up, and lowering taxes. build relationships, but don’t bring fredo!
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. his incredible wife, karen, who i have a lot of respect for, once pulled me aside said strongly that “john respects you greatly. when we are no longer here, he will only speak well of you.” wrong!
when i terminated john kelly, which i couldn’t do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. being chief of staff just wasn’t for him. he came in with a bang, went out with a whimper, but like so many x’s, he misses the action just can’t keep his mouth shut,.
drain the swamp! we want bad people out of our government!
mini mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. no boxes please. he hates crazy bernie and will, with enough money, possibly stop him. bernie’s people will go nuts!
mini mike bloomberg is a loser who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence, you will see. he reminds me of a tiny version of jeb “low energy” bush, but jeb has more political skill and has treated the black community much better than mini! …
“deven nunes predicts that more examples of mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.” seanhannity foxnews
now it looks like the fore person in the jury, in the roger stone case, had significant bias. add that to everything else, and this is not looking good for the “justice” department. foxandfriends foxnews
great news! kag202
. claudiatenney is a fantastic candidate running in new york, where she was a great member of congress. she is strong on crime, borders, cutting taxes, your 2a, and she loves our military and vets. claudia has my complete and total endorsement! …
. nmalliotakis is running for congress in ny, i know her well, we need her to defeat max rose, who voted for impeachment! nicole is strong on crime borders, 2a, cutting taxes, she loves our military vets. nicole has my complete total endorsement! …
. mattformontana rosendale is a strong conservative fighter for montana. matt stands w/ our brave veterans, loves our military, and he will continue working to secure our border. matt will never let our 2a go unprotected. matt has my total endorsement! …
. wesleyhunttx is running for congress in the great state of texas. he will help us accomplish our america first policies. wesley is strong on crime, the border, our 2nd amendment, trade, military and vets. wesley has my complete and total endorsement! …
. augustpfluger is a great veteran and strong leader for texas where he is running for congress. he will protect your 2a, fight for our farmers, oil/gas workers, and he supports our maga # kag agenda. august has my complete and total endorsement! …
. bethvanduyne did great things as mayor of irving, texas, with my administration. she is a strong conservative who supports border security, loves our military, vets, and supports your 2a. beth has my full endorsement for congress! …
. jayobernolte of california is running for congress in 2020. jay will help me to continue securing the southern border, he loves our great law enforcement officers, military, vets, and he will protect your 2a. jay has my complete and total endorsement! …
ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in congress! thanks to ways means and education/labor committees for your work on bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs! work with energy commerce, help committees to send bipartisan bill to my desk!
....if my hands were tied, iran would have a field day. sends a very bad signal. the democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the republican party. don’t let it happen!
it is very important for our country’s security that the united states senate not vote for the iran war powers resolution. we are doing very well with iran and this is not the time to show weakness. americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist soleimani....
. dagenmcdowell, “every democrat is running to raise taxes. she (pocahontas) lied about her ethnicity, that was her problem.” mariabartiromo so true dagen!
two months in jail for a swamp creature, yet 9 years recommended for roger stone (who was not even working for the trump campaign). gee, that sounds very fair! rogue prosecutors maybe? the swamp! foxandfriends tuckercarlson
congratulations to attorney general bill barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. evidence now clearly shows that the mueller scam was improperly brought tainted. even bob mueller lied to congress!
fake news cnn and msdnc have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in new hampshire (and in iowa). that’s why they are poorly rated fake news! i will win both states in november.
the fake news media is looking hard for the big democrat story, but there is nothing too fabulous. wouldn’t a big story be that i got more new hampshire primary votes than any incumbent president, in either party, in the history of that great state? not an insignificant fact!
thank you brad! …
prosecutorial misconduct? …
bootedgeedge (buttigieg) is doing pretty well tonight. giving crazy bernie a run for his money. very interesting!
a very bad night for mini mike!
a lot of democrat dropouts tonight, very low political i.q. …
who are the four prosecutors (mueller people?) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal, the mueller scam, and shouldn’t ever even have started? 13 angry democrats?
impeachment king steyer (how did that work out?) spent 200 million dollars and got less than 1% of the vote in iowa, and only 3% of the vote in new hampshire. could it be that something is just plain missing? not easy to do what i did, is it?
elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas, is having a really bad night. i think she is sending signals that she wants out. calling for unity is her way of getting there, going home, and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband!
whatever happened to hillary campaign manager podesta’s brother? wasn’t he caught, forced to leave his firm, with big bad things to happen? why did nothing ever happen to him, only to the “other” side?
...and a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want stone to serve 9 years for. a phony mueller witch hunt disgrace. caught! …
is this the judge that put paul manafort in solitary confinement, something that not even mobster al capone had to endure? how did she treat crooked hillary clinton? just asking! …
all starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation! …
when jerome powell started his testimony today, the dow was up 125, heading higher. as he spoke it drifted steadily downward, as usual, and is now at -15. germany other countries get paid to borrow money. we are more prime, but fed rate is too high, dollar tough on exports.
new stock market record. congratulations, spend your money wisely. keep america great!!!!!
great being in new hampshire last night. i would say that was the biggest political rally in new hampshire history. incredible evening!
best usa economy in history!
this is a horrible and very unfair situation. the real crimes were on the other side, as nothing happens to them. cannot allow this miscarriage of justice! …
just returned to white house from dover. very sad! …
nice conflict. brown dropped out of presidential race fast. polled at zero! …
disgraceful! …
should never happen to another president! …
tough guys for trump
thank you new hampshire! …
“a lot of people feel defeated...trump always wins. it seems like nothing can stop him.” danny villazon nytimes danaperino foxnews but isn’t that what you want from your president?
wall street journal editorial: “she (crazy nancy) aimed at trump and hit uncle joe.”
meeting with u.s. governors in a short while. all states are doing well. “thank you mr. president.”
thank you to mirandadevine of the new york post for your interesting (and correct) column today. “trump has gained 20 points since impeachment began in october. he gets 67% on economy. nonwhite approval of trump is also at a high: 28%, up 10 points in a year. nice one, nancy.”
hope the fake news, which never discusses it, is talking about the big crowds forming for my new hampshire rally tonight. they won’t!
because of how badly they did with the impeachment hoax, aoc will primary cryin’ chuck schumer, and win, and jerry nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! it is all getting quite interesting. pelosi will lose the house, again! my poll numbers great.
95% approval rating in the republican party, a record! 53% overall (plus add 9 points?). corrupt democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the impeachment hoax. thank you nancy!
will be in manchester, new hampshire, tonight for a big rally. want to shake up the dems a little bit they have a really boring deal going on. still waiting for the iowa results, votes were fried. big crowds in manchester!
make america great again and then, keep america great!
drain the swamp!
....this is the biggest political crime in american history, by far. simply put, the party in power illegally spied on my campaign, both before and after the election, in order to change or nullify the results of the election. it continued on with the impeachment hoax. terrible!
fbi director christopher wray just admitted that the fisa warrants and survailence of my campaign were illegal. so was the fake dossier. therefore, the whole scam investigation, the mueller report and everything else for three years, was a fixed hoax. who pays the price?....
so good to see that republicans will be winning the great state of alabama senate seat back, now that lightweight senator dougjones cast a partisan vote for the impeachment hoax. thought his boss, cryin’ chuck, would have forced him to vote against the hoax. a do nothing stiff!
. larrysabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in, than he is at telling you what is going to happen because, in fact, he doesn’t have a clue! …
sabato got it all wrong last time, never came close to understanding the trump voter. actually it’s simple, make america great again and then, keep america great! …
it’s all turning, and fast! mvp heckler. …
“they (conservatives) thought the merits of the impeachment case were weak, and therefore his (romney’s) judgement is questioned.” mzhemingway howardkurtz foxnews
they are really mad at senator joe munchkin in west virginia. he couldn’t understand the transcripts. romney could, but didn’t want to!
romney hurt some very good republican senators, and he was wrong about the impeachment hoax. no clue! …
yes!!!!! …
this is so true! …
this will never get old! …
deface the nation will tell lindseygrahamsc that he must start up judiciary and not stop until the job is done. clean up d.c. now, last chance! …
i grew up in new york city and, over many years, got to watch how great nyc’s “finest” are. now, because of weak leadership at governor mayor, stand away (water thrown at them) regulations, and lack of support, our wonderful nyc police are under assault. stop this now!
the dems are crazed, they will do anything. honesty truth don’t matter to them. they are badly wounded. iowa vote count was a disaster for them! …
leading also in new hampshire and most states. the fake news hates to report this, but you will see on november 3rd. …
the feeling of many about mittromney
thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews i have gotten on my state of the union speech. it was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful country!
...but, just like the people of west virginia will no longer look at weak pathetic joe manchin the same (i got the pension bill approved, manchin couldn’t do it), the wonderful people of utah will never look at “grandstander” mitt romney with anything but contempt disgust!
can’t say i mind the fact that the great people of west virginia are furious at their puppet democrat senator, joe manchin. they will never forget his phony vote on the impeachment hoax. all he had to do is read the transcripts, sadly, which he wouldn’t understand anyway.....
law enforcement has been notified. be careful tough guys who you play with! …
great lineup on foxnews tonight with jessebwatters, judgejeanine and @ greggutfeld. all starts at 8:00 p.m. will be discussing and explaining the impeachment hoax!
a great coach and a fantastic guy. his endorsement of me in indiana was a very big deal! …
pete rose played major league baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256, than any other player (by a wide margin). he gambled, but only on his own team winning, and paid a decades long price. get pete rose into the baseball hall of fame. it’s time!
total and complete endorsement for debbie lesko! repdlesko love arizona. …
governor cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. he just canceled. very hard to work with new york so stupid. all they do is sue me all the time! …
we will not be touching your social security or medicare in fiscal 2021 budget. only the democrats will destroy them by destroying our country’s greatest ever economy!
...the worst weeks ever.” she could have had a much better week if crazy nancy, who is the most overrated person in politics (going to lose the house a second time), didn’t bring the phony corrupt impeachment hoax. dems can’t do anything right, just look at the iowa vote count!
. repdebdingell, who called me, tears flowing, to thank me for rolling out the maximum “red carpet” for the funeral of her husband, then voted against me on the partisan impeachmen hoax, said “everybody (dems) wants to get out of town. this has been, in my whole career, one of...
the only way to stop the crazed radical left, do nothing democrats “is for the republican senate to run an offense here”. leesmithdc ingrahamangle foxnews so true, although the dems hoaxes witch hunts have driven up republican polls, and mine, mightily!
crazy nancy pelosi’s impeachment hoax has lifted republican congressional polls (she lost the house once before!), and my polls, way up, which was expected, but it has had a great effect on republican senate races, including north carolina, kentucky, colorado and arizona. thanks!
thank you iowa for the record vote we just received in the primary. the dems were 25% down (although their votes are all fried!). …
....was given a horrendous report by his superior, the man he reported to, who publicly stated that vindman had problems with judgement, adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. in other words, “out”.
fake news cnn msdnc keep talking about “lt. col.” vindman as though i should think only how wonderful he was. actually, i don’t know him, never spoke to him, or met him (i don’t believe!) but, he was very insubordinate, reported contents of my “perfect” calls incorrectly, &...
not good! …
after years building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. from our inner cities to our rural communities, the forgotten men and women of america are forgotten no longer! opportunityno
....always continue. every republican senator except romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the impeachment hoax. sencapito was all in (a great person). i was told by many that manchin was just a puppet for schumer pelosi. that’s all he is!
i was very surprised disappointed that senator joe manchin of west virginia voted against me on the democrat’s totally partisan impeachment hoax. no president has done more for the great people of west virginia than me (pensions), and that will....
great to be in charlotte, north carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum. today, we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize under-served cities and towns across america it’s called opportunity now! …
another win just in. nervous nancy pelosi and the democrats in congress sued me, thrown out. this one unanimous, in the d.c. circuit. witch hunt!
jobs, jobs, jobs! promisesmadepromiseskep
iowa and new hampshire will not be moved from the primary schedule as long as i am president. great tradition!
off to north carolina
the democrat party has given up on counting votes in iowa. looks like it all got computer “fried”. nobody knows who the real winner is. maybe it’s sleepy joe, but it’s not looking that way. they lost millions millions of dollars, all for nothing. but i won iowa big!
i think they should blame russia, russia, russia again! if they can’t count votes properly, how are they going to run u.s. healthcare? …
welcome back james! …
very true, thank you ted john. i love texas! …
so do i! …
thank you charlie! …
don’t worry, it won’t happen! …
....he will be successful, especially as the weather starts to warm the virus hopefully becomes weaker, and then gone. great discipline is taking place in china, as president xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation. we are working closely with china to help!
just had a long and very good conversation by phone with president xi of china. he is strong, sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the coronavirus. he feels they are doing very well, even building hospitals in a matter of only days. nothing is easy, but...
“the senate acquitted president trump of both charges fabricated by congressional democrats, led by speaker pelosi and adam schiff, to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history a man they knew to be innocent.” loudobbs foxbusiness
“this president has done more for african americans in this country than any president since lincoln.” loudobbs
welcome back to earth, astro_christina, and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space! you’re inspiring young women and making the usa proud! enjoyed speaking with you and astro_jessica on the first all-female spacewalk in history last year.
nevada, i hear you on yucca mountain and my administration will respect you! congress and previous administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions my administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches i’m confident we can get it done!
…
had failed presidential candidate mittromney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering barack obama as he sanctimoniously does to me, he could have won the election. read the transcripts!
@ nytimes “the votes were a resounding victory for mr. trump.” true, but the impeachment hoax was just a continuation of the radical left, do nothing democrats corrupt practices!
i will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00pm from the whitehouse to discuss our country’s victory on the impeachment hoax!
“the democrats want to run a country, and they can’t run a caucus.” brad blakeman foxnews iowa is a complete disaster for the dems. they should bring in mini mike bloomberg asap!
thank you jonathan, and great job! …
it was a great and triumphant evening for our country. thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my state of the union speech. it was my great honor to have done it!
# sotu202
my approval rating in the republican party 95%, a record! big iowa win. approval rating overall 53%, a new high. with our great economy and other major successes, would be 20 points higher without the phony witch hunts and hoaxes???
market up big today on very good economic news. jobs, jobs, jobs!
the democrat party in iowa really messed up, but the republican party did not. i had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state, by far, beating president obama’s previous record by a lot. also, 97% plus of the vote! thank you iowa!
when will the democrats start blaming russia, russia, russia, instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the great state of iowa?
it is not the fault of iowa, it is the do nothing democrats fault. as long as i am president, iowa will stay where it is. important tradition! …
the democrat caucus is an unmitigated disaster. nothing works, just like they ran the country. remember the 5 billion dollar obamacare website, that should have cost 2% of that. the only person that can claim a very big victory in iowa last night is “trump”.
big win for us in iowa tonight. thank you!
many people do not know what a great guy fantastic political talent the great rush limbaugh is. there is nobody like him. looking for a speedy recovery for our friend! …
where’s the whistleblower? where’s the second whistleblower? where’s the informer? why did corrupt politician schiff make up my conversation with the ukrainian president??? why didn’t the house do its job? and sooo much more!
keep america great!
make america great again!
republicans in iowa, go out and caucus today. your great trade deals with china, mexico, canada, japan, south korea and more, are done. great times are coming, after waiting for decades, for our farmers, ranchers, manufacturers and all. nobody else could have pulled this off!
i hope republicans the american people realize that the totally partisan impeachment hoax is exacty that, a hoax. read the transcripts, listen to what the president foreign minister of ukraine said (“no pressure”). nothing will ever satisfy the do nothing, radical left dems!
@ lindseygrahamsc …
the dnc on bernie sanders, “looks like they’re going to do it to him again, doesn’t it?” stevedoocy foxandfriends
hope you liked this! …
great company! …
thank you mike! …
congratulations to the kansas city chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. we are proud of you and the great state of missouri. you are true champions!
i promised to restore hope in america. that includes the least among us. together, let’s keep america great! text trump to 88022 if you liked our super bowl ad
enjoy the game usa, our country is doing great!
my superbowl interview at 3:30 p.m. on foxnetworks. enjoy!
mini mike is now negotiating both to get on the democrat primary debate stage, and to have the right to stand on boxes, or a lift, during the debates. this is sometimes done, but really not fair!
many of the ads you are watching were paid for by mini mike bloomberg. he is going nowhere, just wasting his money, but he is getting the dnc to rig the election against crazy bernie, something they wouldn’t do for corybooker and others. they are doing it to bernie again, 2016.
mini mike is part of the fake news. they are all working together. in fact, bloomberg isn’t covering himself (too boring to do), or other dems. only trump. that sounds fair! it’s all the fake news media, and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
the radical left, do nothing democrats, don’t want justice when pushing the impeachment hoax, they only want to destabilize the republican party so they can do better in the 2020 election, that includes the house senate. they are playing with the people by taking it this far!
correct! …
thanks for your invaluable help chuck! …
wall is moving along strong, tall and quickly. thank you jim for all of your help! …
thank you john! …
happy birthday to a wonderful man friend! …
getting a little exercise this morning
trump poll numbers are the highest since election, despite constant phony witch hunts! tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the fake news never mentions) to see “the greatest show on earth”. fun because usa is winning again! …
congratulations to loudobbs, number one. lou has shown the fake news what happens when you cover “america’s greatest president” fairly objectively! maga kag …
no matter what you give to the democrats, in the end, they will never be satisfied. in the house, they gave us nothing!
democrats 17 witnesses. republicans 0 witnesses.
the radical left, do nothing democrats keep chanting “fairness”, when they put on the most unfair witch hunt in the history of the u.s. congress. they had 17 witnesses, we were allowed zero, and no lawyers. they didn’t do their job, had no case. the dems are scamming america!
incredible numbers! …
nadler ripped final argument away from schiff, thinks shifty did a terrible job. they are fighting big time! …
the best is yet to come
americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the washington democrats’ partisan hoaxes, witch hunts, con jobs. registered democrats and independents are leaving the democrat party in droves, we are welcoming these voters to the republican party w/ wide open arms
washington dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the next election. together, we are going to win back the house, we are going to hold the senate, we are going to keep the white house
to keep america safe, we have fully rebuilt the u.s. military it is now stronger, more powerful, and more lethal than ever before. thanks to the courage of american heroes, the isis caliphate has been destroyed its founder leader the animal known as al-baghdadi is dead
this november, we are going to defeat the radical socialist democrats and win the great state of iowa in a historic landslide! kag202
thank you iowa, i love you! …
great poll in iowa, where i just landed for a big rally! kag202
working closely with china and others on coronavirus outbreak. only 5 people in u.s., all in good recovery.
leaving michigan now, great visit, heading for iowa. big rally!
biggest trade deal ever made, the usmca, was signed yesterday and the fake news media barely mentioned it. they never thought it could be done. they have zero credibility!
just landed in michigan. car companies, and many others, are building and expanding here. great to see!
happy birthday today to two of the very best in congress— repmikejohnson (age 48) and repleezeldin (age 40—big one!). two great american patriots!!
congressman michaelcburgess has done a great job representing the people of texas. he continues to protect your very important second amendment. mike is strong on crime and the border, he loves our great vets and military. mike has my complete and total endorsement!
congressman brian babin4congress of texas has been a strong supporter of our maga agenda. he is strong on the second amendment and securing our border, he loves our great vets and military. brian has my complete and total endorsement!
great photos from a southern border wall briefing with secretary of defense, mark esperdod
“schiff blasted for not focusing on california homeless.” foxandfriends his district is in terrible shape. he is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the impeachment hoax. in my opinion he is mentally deranged!
just received a briefing on the coronavirus in china from all of our great agencies, who are also working closely with china. we will continue to monitor the ongoing developments. we have the best experts anywhere in the world, and they are on top of it 24/7
nancy pelosi wants congress to take away authority presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend americans. stand with your commander in chiefs!
with votes in the house tomorrow, democrats want to make it harder for presidents to defend america, and stand up to, as an example, iran. protect our great country!
game over
for the first time in american history, we have replaced a disastrous trade deal that rewarded outsourcing with a truly fair and reciprocal trade deal that will keep jobs, wealth and growth right here in america
thanks to our pro-worker, pro-american economic policies, unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years. we have created over 7 million new jobs. more americans are working today than ever before. we have the hottest economy on earth
usmca is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects, defends and serves the great people of our country. promises made, promises kept
usmca is a massive win for american manufacturers and auto workers
they will never be satisfied! …
“the best evidence is the transcript itself.” brad blakeman foxnews
there is much talk that certain democrats are going to be voting with republicans on the impeachment hoax, so that the senate can get back to the business of taking care of the american people. sorry, but cryin’ chuck schumer will never let that happen!
on the iraq war resolution being voted on tomorrow in the house of represenatives, we are down to 5000 soldiers, and going down, and i want everyone, republican and democrat, to vote their heart!
mark penn, harris poll: “it’s time to end the impeachment trial.” foxandfriends just another political hoax by the dems!
remember republicans, the democrats already had 17 witnesses, we were given none! witnesses are up to the house, not up to the senate. don’t let the dems play you!
....many more mistakes of judgement, gets fired because frankly, if i listened to him, we would be in world war six by now, and goes out and immediately writes a nasty untrue book. all classified national security. who would do this?
for a guy who couldn’t get approved for the ambassador to the u.n. years ago, couldn’t get approved for anything since, “begged” me for a non senate approved job, which i gave him despite many saying “don’t do it, sir,” takes the job, mistakenly says “libyan model” on t.v., and..
democrats admitting the impeachment hoax! …
thank you! …
why didn’t john bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. he said, not that it matters, nothing!
no matter how many witnesses you give the democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produced transcripts, it will never be enough for them. they will always scream unfair. the impeachment hoax is just another political con job!
if you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. only this way, can we save the america we love and drain the washington swamp once and for all
democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream! trumprallynj kag202
thank you wildwood, new jersey! keepamericagreat …
it’s amazing what i’ve done, the most of any president in the first three years (by far), considering that for three years i’ve been under phony political investigations and the impeachment hoax! keep america great!
heading to new jersey. big rally, in fact, really big rally!
the witch hunt continues! …
this is what a future state of palestine can look like, with a capital in parts of east jerusalem
هذا ما قد تبدو عليه دولة فلسطين المستقبلية بعاصمة في أجزاء من القدس الشرقية
i will always stand with the state of israel and the jewish people. i strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland. it's time for peace
תמיד אעמוד לצד מדינת ישראל והעם היהודי. אני תומך בחוזקה בבטיחותם ובטחונם ובזכותם לחיות במולדתם ההיסטורית. הגיע הזמן לשלום
…
the fed should get smart lower the rate to make our interest competitive with other countries which pay much lower even though we are, by far, the high standard. we would then focus on paying off refinancing debt! there is almost no inflation-this is the time (2 years late)!
are you better off now than you were three years ago? almost everyone say yes!
.....so, what the hell has happened to foxnews. only i know! chris wallace and others should be on fake news cnn or msdnc. how’s shep smith doing? watch, this will be the beginning of the end for fox, just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. social media is great!
really pathetic how foxnews is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with democrats like chris van hollen, the no name senator from maryland. he has been on forever playing up the impeachment hoax. dems wouldn’t even give fox their low ratings debates....
don lemon, the dumbest man on television (with terrible ratings!). …
charlie, i always knew you are brilliant! …
thank you to chuck all. usmca is going to be great! …
thank you roger, it is a big hoax! …
congrats to christine! …
a full complete endorsement for repdonbacon, who is doing a great job. strong on crime, loves our military, vets 2a! …
…
on international holocaust remembrance day, we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the nazi regime.... …
senate hearing on the impeachment hoax starts today at 1:00 p.m.
we are in very close communication with china concerning the virus. very few cases reported in usa, but strongly on watch. we have offered china and president xi any help that is necessary. our experts are extraordinary!
schiff must release the ig report, without changes or tampering, which is said to be yet further exoneration of the impeachment hoax. he refuses to give it. does it link him to whistleblower? why is he so adamant?
read the transcripts!
the democrat controlled house never even asked john bolton to testify. it is up to them, not up to the senate!
...(democrats said i never met) and released the military aid to ukraine without any conditions or investigations and far ahead of schedule. i also allowed ukraine to purchase javelin anti-tank missiles. my administration has done far more than the previous administration.
...transcripts of my calls with president zelensky are all the proof that is needed, in addition to the fact that president zelensky the foreign minister of ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. additionally, i met with president zelensky at the united nations...
i never told john bolton that the aid to ukraine was tied to investigations into democrats, including the bidens. in fact, he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. if john bolton said this, it was only to sell a book. with that being said, the...
.....melania and i send our warmest condolences to vanessa and the wonderful bryant family. may god be with you all!
kobe bryant, despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time, was just getting started in life. he loved his family so much, and had such strong passion for the future. the loss of his beautiful daughter, gianna, makes this moment even more devastating....
reports are that basketball great kobe bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in california. that is terrible news!
nothing done wrong, read the transcripts!
majority of people say “the u.s. senate already has enough information!” foxnews
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 191 federal judges (a record), and two supreme court justices, approved. best economy employment numbers ever. thank you to our great new, smart and nimble republican party. join now, it’s where people want to be!
sleepyeyes chuck todd of meet the corrupt press, just had a “totally” softball interview with conman adam schiff, never even calling shifty out on his fraudulent statement to congress, where he made up all of the words of my conversation with the ukrainian president! fake news
after having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt, can anyone, including sleepyeyes chuck todd of fake nbcnews, continue to listen to his con?
“again: read the transcript!” michael goodwin, new york post, sunday.
great editorial in today’s wall street journal, “and congress shall be king.” bottom line: “the president becomes a vassal of king congress. this is another reason for the senate to repudiate this house impeachment as its own abuse of power.” a partisan hoax!
why didn’t schiff release this? …
a very good question! …
“this is what democrats have done. they want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire. they did this with russia collusion, there was no fire. it makes zero sense what the democrats are accusing him of.” lisamarieboothe foxandfriends
“it was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.” petehegseth foxandfriends
paul krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue. caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks. he, and others, should be fired by nytimes! …
rep. jim jordan delivers knockout blow to schiff’s reputation …
shifty adam schiff is a corrupt politician, and probably a very sick man. he has not paid the price, yet, for what he has done to our country!
the impeachment hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. in just two hours the radical left, do nothing democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call, more!
true! …
all democrats should watch this
وزیر امور خارجه ایران می گوید ایران خواستار مذاکره با ایالات متحده است اما می خواهد که تحریم ها برداشته شود. foxnews oann نه، مرسی! …
iranian foreign minister says iran wants to negotiate with the united states, but wants sanctions removed. foxnews oann no thanks!
previous quote from the great republican senator, jim inhofe, of oklahoma chairman of the senate armed services committee
....at the judges that we have right now.
“you don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case, unless you know your case is not working. i think their real motivation is for them to keep this president busy. we’re doing a great job on the economy, we’re building our military, look.....
martha is a great leader on this issue! …
three great men! …
such a great family! …
thank you nick! …
any fair minded person watching the senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly i have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan impeachment hoax that everybody, including the democrats, truly knows it is. this should never be allowed to happen again!
our case against lyin’, cheatin’, liddle’ adam “shifty” schiff, cryin’ chuck schumer, nervous nancy pelosi, their leader, dumb as a rock aoc, the entire radical left, do nothing democrat party, starts today at 10:00 a.m. on foxnews, oann or fake news cnn or fake news msdnc!
....secondly, he is fulfilling every promise he made, and that is making his opponents apoplectic. they’re trying to get him out of office, and they’re not going to succeed.” pastor robert jeffress, author of “choosing the extraordinary life” thank you pastor! loudobbs foxbus
“i like president trump’s tweets (social media), i like everything about him...and this ukraine stuff, the trial, the impeachment, this isn’t t about ukraine. donald trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the democrats. he beat hillary clinton in 2016, and..
....intimidated by this national left wing media, that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining, crying, puddles of cowardice it is really something to have a man in the white house who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do.”
the great loudobbs: “people know, after 3 years of this president, the most historic president in our country’s history, that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years, foreign policy, domestic policy, you name it, it’s amazing. just to have the guts not to be.....
it was my honor to welcome our nation’s mayors to the whitehouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs, excellent schools, affordable healthcare, and safe communities for all of our people
after consultation with our great military leaders, designers, and others, i am pleased to present the new logo for the united states space force, the sixth branch of our magnificent military
china has been working very hard to contain the coronavirus. the united states greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. it will all work out well. in particular, on behalf of the american people, i want to thank president xi!
# marchforlife …
the do nothing democrats just keep repeating and repeating, over and over again, the same old “stuff” on the impeachment hoax. they want to use up all of their time, even though it is the wrong thing to do. they ought to go back to work for our great american people!
read the transcripts!
more than anything else, the radical left, do nothing democrats, like aoc, omar, cryin’ chuck, nervous nancy shifty schiff, are angry “deranged” over the fact that republicans are up to 191 federal judges two great new supreme court justices. don’t blame me, blame obama!
jim is great! …
cryin’ chuck never had what it takes, and never will! …
the impeachment hoax is interfering with the 2020 election but that was the idea behind the radical left, do nothing dems scam attack. they always knew i did nothing wrong!
“i often get asked the question, well, isn’t the president going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? the answer is yes, but, the congress has no choice, it has a constitutional responsibility.” joe biden, pres. candidate. even joe agrees with us! foxandfriends
after having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the house, and then having to endure hour after hour of lies, fraud deception by shifty schiff, cryin’ chuck schumer their crew, looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on saturday, which is called death valley in t.v.
....a foreign power, engaged in clandestine intelligence activities, and yet they still asked for the renewal, two more times, and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the trump campaigns files, emails, text messages.....” so how bad illegal is that? foxnews
frances hakes, former federal prosecutor, “this is really significant. the fbi had debunked the steele dossier in january of 2017, and then even after they did that, even after they knew from the cia from their own sources, they knew that carter page was not the agent of
“he’s got to explain this. how did hunter biden get a billion and a half dollars (from china) to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days?” lindseygrahamsc foxnews
“21 state attorney generals denouncing the impeachment of president trump.” foxnews
jeanne mancini, president, march for life: “we have never had a president of the united states actually come in person to the march for life.” but now you do! see you later jeanne. heatherchilders foxnews
carlos will win big, very exciting. great for florida, great for usa! he has my complete and total endorsement! …
true! …
that is a real fan. thank you
on my way, see you soon! …
crazy bernie takes the lead in the democrat primaries, but it is looking more and more like the dems will never allow him to win! will sleepy joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
democrats are going to destroy your social security. i have totally left it alone, as promised, and will save it!
a poll of radical left, do nothing democrats just came out in florida. nice results
i love alabama
interesting poll in texas-13! tx1
close race in kansas
“president trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity” by kellyannepolls …
“the democrats have now conceded that president trump has not committed a crime.” arifleischer
the united states looks forward to welcoming prime minister netanyahu blue white chairman gantzbe to the whitehouse next week. reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative.
the democrats don’t want a witness trade because shifty schiff, the biden’s, the fake whistleblower(& his lawyer), the second whistleblower (who vanished after i released the transcripts), the so-called “informer”, many other democrat disasters, would be a big problem for them!
“this is all about undermining the next election.” liz peek, foxnews
....during his hopeless “presidential” campaign. they will remain silent! the fact is, when mini losses, he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all and he will be right!
mini mike bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting democrat rivals. he says that if he loses (he really means when!) in the primaries, he will spend money helping whoever the democrat nominee is. by doing this, he figures, they won’t hit him as hard....
the democrats shifty schiff, whose presentation to the senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations, are refusing to state that the obama administration withheld aid from many countries including ukraine, pakistan, philippines, egypt, honduras, mexico. witch hunt!
no matter what you give to the radical left, do nothing democrats, it will never be enough!
the democrat house would not give us lawyers, or not one witness, but now demand that the republican senate produce the witnesses that the house never sought, or even asked for? they had their chance, but pretended to rush. most unfair corrupt hearing in congressional history!
in an impeachment, you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case, filling in gaps with presumptions against the president. it was a weak presentation, self indulgent, he didn’t deliver the goods.” robert charles, heatherchilders foxnews
....of the 2020 election becsuse it weaponizes a process that should only be initiated in exceedingly rare circumstances, and should never be used for partisan purposes.” heatherchilders foxnews the democrats are trying hard to damage republicans prior to the election!
attorney generals from 21 states are urging the senate to reject impeachment. they say the articles have legal factual problems, and the democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent. “even an unsuccessful effort to impeach the president undermines the integrity.....
“there is no evidence of a crime.” robert charles, fmr asst secy of state. the crimes were committed by the other side!
“schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth, so he’s manufacturing things.” rush limbaugh foxandfriends
sorry, if you come you will be immediately sent back! …
see you on friday...big crowd! …
true! …
“no pressure”
will be great! …
great working with you maria! …
one of the many great things about our just signed giant trade deal with china is that it will bring both the usa china closer together in so many other ways. terrific working with president xi, a man who truly loves his country. much more to come!
heading back to washington from davos switzerland. very successful (for usa) trip!
“not the senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the house by the democrats. biden admitted that he went to ukraine and did the quid pro quo.” stevescalise foxnews
thank you wef
they are taking the nomination away from bernie for a second time. rigged!
steyer is a major loser. just doesn’t get it. this is second time with bernie! …
big story. hope fake news covers it! …
their case was so “overwhelming” in the house that they need demand witnesses in the senate! …
enjoy! …
will be interviewed at 5:00 a.m. eastern by joesquawk on cnbc at the world economic forum in davos, switzerland. enjoy!
making great progress in davos. tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or returning, to the usa. hottest economy! jobs, jobs, jobs!
wow! …
read the transcripts!
congratulations on your big ufc win! …
the best is yet to come
“it’s about the economy, stupid”, except when it comes to trump. the fact is, the fake news media hates talking about the economy, and how incredible it is!
everyone said it couldn’t be done. but for the first time in a generation, there will be direct flights between serbia and kosovo. another win. thanks to whnsc ambassador robert o’brien and ambassador richardgrenell
representative randy weber @ txrandy14) of texas has been a huge supporter of our maga agenda from the very beginning. strong on crime, the border, illegal immigration, the 2nd amendment, and our great military vets! randy has my full endorsement!
representative john carter @ judgejohncarter) from the great state of texas has been a tremendous supporter of our maga agenda. he is strong on crime and borders, great for our military and our vets, and strong on our 2a. john has my complete and total endorsement!
texas rep roger williams @ reprwilliams) has done an incredible job representing the great state of texas. roger is tough on crime, strong on the border illegal immigration. he loves our military our vets and protects our 2a. roger has my total complete endorsement!
heading to davos, switzerland, to meet with world and business leaders and bring good policy and additional hundreds of billions of dollars back to the united states of america! we are now number one in the universe, by far!!
excellent! …
…
nancy can’t fix it. the do nothing dems have done great harm to our country! …
i will never allow our great second amendment to go unprotected, not even a little bit!
it was exactly three years ago today, january 20, 2017, that i was sworn into office. so appropriate that today is also mlk jr day. african-american unemployment is the lowest in the history of our country, by far. also, best poverty, youth, and employment numbers, ever. great!
...and they say you can add 7% to 10% to all trump numbers! who knows? …
two stone cold losers from amazon wp. almost every story is a made up lie, just like corrupt pol shifty schiff, who fraudulently made up my call with ukraine. fiction! …
usa! usa! usa!
cryin’ chuck schumer is now asking for “fairness”, when he and the democrat house members worked together to make sure i got zero fairness in the house. so, what else is new?
they didn’t want john bolton and others in the house. they were in too much of a rush. now they want them all in the senate. not supposed to be that way!
the democrat party in the great commonwealth of virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd amendment rights. this is just the beginning. don’t let it happen, vote republican in 2020!
a great show! check it out tonight at 9pm. foxnews …
“in the house, the president got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. this is a corrupt process?” mark levin marklevinshow “very much so!” repdougcollins foxnews
i was thrilled to be back in the great state of texas tonight, where the people are known for being tough, strong, hardworking, loyal and fiercely patriotic just like america’s incredible farmers! afbf2020 …
now mini mike bloomberg is critical of jack wilson, who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a church because he was carrying a gun, and knew how to use it. jack quickly killed the shooter, who was beginning a rampage. mini is against the 2nd a. his ads are fake, just like him!
i have never seen the republican party as strong and as unified as it is right now. thank you!
i will be going to austin, texas. leaving soon. always like (love!) being in the lone star state. speaking to our great farmers. they hit “paydirt” with our incredible new trade deals: china, japan, mexico, canada, south korea, and many others!
“nancy pelosi said, it’s not a question of proof, it’s a question of allegations! oh really?” judgejeanine foxnews what a disgrace this impeachment scam is for our great country!
if you listened to the flawed advice of paulkrugman at the nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until i came along, you would have entirely missed the record breaking stock market (and other) numbers produced since election day, 2016. sorry, those are the facts.....
....but the best is yet to come!
a massive 200 billion dollar sea wall, built around new york to protect it from rare storms, is a costly, foolish environmentally unfriendly idea that, when needed, probably won’t work anyway. it will also look terrible. sorry, you’ll just have to get your mops buckets ready!
another fake book by two third rate washington post reporters, has already proven to be inaccurately reported, to their great embarrassment, all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a president who is getting great things done for our country, at a record clip. thank you!
they are taking the democrat nomination away from crazy bernie, just like last time. some things never change!
95% approval rating in the republican party, a record. thank you!
“trade deals drive stocks to record highs.” foxnews
“day after day, really good news on the economy. by the way, this didn’t just happen by accident, it’s the result of a lot of the policies that donald trump has put into place. obviously, the tax cut, and now we have these two big trade deals.” stephenmoore great future growth!
tremendous surge in new housing construction in december, 16.9%, biggest in many years!
a great day at the white house for our national champions, the lsu tigers! …
congratulations! geauxtiger
مردم نجیب ایران، که آمریکا را دوست می دارند، سزاوار دولتی هستند که بیش از تمرکز بر کشتن آنها به جرم احترام خواهی، به آنها کمک کند تا به رؤیاهایشان دست یابند. رهبران ایران به جای آن که ایران را به سمت ویرانی بکشانند، باید هراس افکنی را کنار بنهند ایران را دوباره باعظمت کنند! …
the noble people of iran—who love america—deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect. instead of leading iran toward ruin, its leaders should abandon terror and make iran great again! …
the so-called “supreme leader” of iran, who has not been so supreme lately, had some nasty things to say about the united states and europe. their economy is crashing, and their people are suffering. he should be very careful with his words!
your 2nd amendment is under very serious attack in the great commonwealth of virginia. that’s what happens when you vote for democrats, they will take your guns away. republicans will win virginia in 2020. thank you dems!
words of wisdom. thank you ted! …
heading to florida for big republican party event. new stock market record. jobs in usa at all-time high!
....joe biden, and bernie is shut out again. very unfair, but that’s the way the democrats play the game. anyway, it’s a lot of fun to watch!
they are rigging the election again against bernie sanders, just like last time, only even more obviously. they are bringing him out of so important iowa in order that, as a senator, he sit through the impeachment hoax trial. crazy nancy thereby gives the strong edge to sleepy...
getting ready to meet the lsu tigers, the national champions. great coach, great team, great school. very exciting!
mini mike bloomberg ads are purposely wrong a vanity project for him to get into the game. nobody in many years has done for the usa what i have done for the usa, including the greatest economy in history, rebuilding our military, biggest ever tax regulation cuts, 2nd a!
mini mike bloomberg doesn’t get on the democrat debate stage because he doesn’t want to he is a terrible debater and speaker. if he did, he would go down in the polls even more (if that is possible!).
“there is no crime here. entertaining this impeachment is a joke. this whole thing should be dismissed.” ingrahamangle foxnews
“years from now, when we look back at this day, nobody’s going to remember nancy’s cheap theatrics, they will remember though how president trump brought the chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” ingrahamangle foxnews
....for the foreign policies of the president.” alandersh alan dershowitz seanhannity foxnews they do what the house asks. the swamp!
“the goa got it exactly backwards. here’s what they said. the law does not permit the president to substitute his own policy priorities to those congress has enacted into law. it’s exactly the opposite. the constitution does not allow congress to substitute its own priorities....
promises made, promises kept! keepamericagreat202
see you tomorrow! champs …
thank you! mag
i just got impeached for making a perfect phone call!
amazon calls 'profiles in corruption' the 'most anticipated' nonfiction book via breitbartnews
this is a total disgrace, but just another reason that i’m going to win michigan again! …
looking at this strongly! …
the farmers are really happy with the new china trade deal and the soon to be signed deal with mexico and canada, but i hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that i was able to take massive incoming tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
“there is no crime here. i just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. i wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. entertaining this impeachment is a joke.” laura ingraham ingrahamangle foxnews
cryin’ chuck schumer is saying privately that the new china trade deal is unbelievable, which it is, but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. that’s politics, but so bad for our great country!
one of the greatest trade deals ever made! also good for china and our long term relationship. 250 billion dollars will be coming back to our country, and we are now in a great position for a phase two start. there has never been anything like this in u.s. history! usmca next!
here we go again, another con job by the do nothing democrats. all of this work was supposed to be done by the house, not the senate!
i agree with him on this, 100%. but why would anyone vote democrat? we are setting all time records with the economy! …
now up to 187 federal judges, and two great new supreme court justices. we are in major record territory. hope everyone is happy! …
steyer is running low on cash. nobody knows him. made his money on coal. so funny! …
prime minister of the united kingdom, borisjohnson, stated, “we should replace the iran deal with the trump deal.” i agree!
former national security adviser for president obama said “president trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader soleimani. thank you general jones!
republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, from every race, religion, color creed. we are a movement for all americans who believe in fairness justice, equality dignity, opportunity safety. we are a big tent, a big party, w/ big ideas for the future
democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream! trumpmilwaukeerall
god bless the u.s.a.
thank you milwaukee, wisconsin! kag2020 maga …
cryin’ chuck schumer just said, “the american people want a fair trial in the senate.” true, but why didn’t nervous nancy and corrupt politician adam “shifty” schiff give us a fair trial in the house. it was the most lopsided unfair basement hearing in the history of congress!
we are helping apple all of the time on trade and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers, drug dealers and other violent criminal elements. they will have to step up to the plate and help our great country, now! make america great again.
on my way to milwaukee, wisconsin for a trumprally. look forward to see you all soon
thank you! …
thank you to rick scott. this impeachment hoax is an outrage! …
i stand stronger than anyone in protecting your healthcare with pre-existing conditions. i am honored to have terminated the very unfair, costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
“we demand fairness” shouts pelosi and the do nothing democrats, yet the dems in the house wouldn’t let us have 1 witness, no lawyers or even ask questions. it was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of congress!
really big breaking news (kidding): booker, who was in zero polling territory, just dropped out of the democrat presidential primary race. now i can rest easy tonight. i was sooo concerned that i would someday have to go head to head with him!
the fake news media and their democrat partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist soleimani was “imminent” or not, was my team in agreement. the answer to both is a strong yes., but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
wow! the wonderful iranian protesters refused to step on, or in any way denigrate, our great american flag. it was put on the street in order for them to trample it, and they walked around it instead. big progress!
the democrats and the fake news are trying to make terrorist soleimani into a wonderful guy, only because i did what should have been done for 20 years. anything i do, whether it’s the economy, military, or anything else, will be scorned by the rafical left, do nothing democrats!
bernie sander’s volunteers are trashing elizabeth “pocahontus” warren. everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. mini mike b is also trying, but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. elizabeth is very angry at bernie. do i see a feud brewing?
....and, if republicans win in court and take back the house of represenatives, your healthcare, that i have now brought to the best place in many years, will become the best ever, by far. i will always protect your pre-existing conditions, the dems will not!
mini mike bloomberg is spending a lot of money on false advertising. i was the person who saved pre-existing conditions in your healthcare, you have it now, while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive, unfair and very unpopular individual mandate.....
مشاور امنیت ملی امروز عنوان کرد كه تحریم ها اعتراضات، ایران را«به شدت تحت فشار»قرار داده است آنها را مجبور به مذاكره می كند.در واقع، اصلا برایم اهمیتی نداردکه آیا آنها مذاکره می کنند یا نه.این کاملاً به عهده خودشان است، اما سلاح هسته ای نداشته باشیدو«معترضان خود را نکشید.» …
national security adviser suggested today that sanctions protests have iran “choked off”, will force them to negotiate. actually, i couldn’t care less if they negotiate. will be totally up to them but, no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters.”
many believe that by the senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence, no crime, read the transcripts, “no pressure” impeachment hoax, rather than an outright dismissal, it gives the partisan democrat witch hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. i agree!
wow! crazy bernie sanders is surging in the polls, looking very good against his opponents in the do nothing party. so what does this all mean? stay tuned!
you can’t make this up! david kris, a highly controversial former doj official, was just appointed by the fisa court to oversee reforms to the fbi’s surveillance procedures. zero credibility. the swamp! devinnunes mariabartiromo foxnews
....the ukraine hoax that became the impeachment scam. must get the icig answers by friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. so if he wants to clear his name, prove that his office is indeed incompetent.” devinnunes mariabartiromo foxnews the icig never wanted proof!
house republicans investigating origins of the ukraine whistleblower complaint. icig michael atkinson facing serious questions. “the democrats know the icig is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. looks so much like everything else we’ve seen, from the russia hoax, to...
خطاب به رهبران ايران: معترضان خود را نكشيد. هزاران تن تاكنون به دست شما كشته يا زنداني شده اند، جهان نظاره گر است. مهمتر از ان، ايالات متحده نظاره گر است. اينترنت را دوباره وصل كنيد به خبرنگاران اجازه دهيد ازادانه حركت كنند! كشتار مردم بزرگ ايران را متوقف كنيد! …
why should i have the stigma of impeachment attached to my name when i did nothing wrong? read the transcripts! a totally partisan hoax, never happened before. house republicans voted 195-0, with three dems voting with the republicans. very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
why did nervous nancy allow corrupt politician shifty schiff to lie before congress? he must be a witness, and so should she!
great idea. this phony impeachment hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. did nothing wrong. just a partisan vote. zero republicans. never happened before! …
“pelosi has made a mockery of impeachment. her articles are so weak. but more importantly, she thought she could extort the senate. she couldn’t.” greggjarrett foxandfriends the do nothing democrats are really run by the radical left. too bad!
....discretion, and only as a last resort.” thank you to the great michael goodwin. could not have said it better myself!
....and then helped to fund them...and zero progress was made on curbing those activities, until trump droned soleimani...plainly, trump is not a warmonger. he’s a deal maker his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent, unleashes it with....
michael goodwin, new york post: “trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what america needs. his (john kerry) claim bears no relation to reality. the agreement didn’t create opportunities for america other signatories to confront iran’s malign activities. it overlooked....
john kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to iran were used to fund attacks on the usa. only a complete fool would have given that 150 billion dollars plus to iran. they then went on a middle east rampage! foxandfriends petehegseth
george gstephanopoulos, ask crazy nancy why she allowed adam “shifty” schiff to totally make up my conversation with the ukrainian president read his false words to congress and the world, as though i said it? he got caught! ask why hearing was most unfair biased in history?
to the leaders of iran do not kill your protesters. thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the world is watching. more importantly, the usa is watching. turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! stop the killing of your great iranian people!
congratulations to serenawilliams on another big win. she is a great player and an even greater person. our members in virginia (tennis) will never forget you! …
congratulations to the great state of tennessee. you’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. big win last night!
thank you rudy! judgejeanin
i hope the house and senate democrats, in particular watch this. it is a classic. thank you to judgejeanine pirro
دولت ایران باید به گروه‌های حقوق بشر اجازه بدهد حقیقت کنونی اعتراضات در جریان مردم ایران را نظارت کرده گزارش بدهند. نباید شاهد کشتار دوباره معترضان مسالمت آمیز یا قطع اینترنت باشیم. جهان نظاره گر این اتفاقات است.
the government of iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the iranian people. there can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters, nor an internet shutdown. the world is watching.
به مردم شجاع رنج کشیده ایران: من از ابتدای دوره ریاست جمهوریم با شما ایستاده‌ام دولت من همچنان با شما خواهد ایستاد. ما اعتراضات شما را از نزدیک دنبال می کنیم. شجاعت شما الهام بخش است.
to the brave, long-suffering people of iran: i've stood with you since the beginning of my presidency, and my administration will continue to stand with you. we are following your protests closely, and are inspired by your courage.
the powerful trump wall is replacing porous, useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by border patrol. illegal crossing are dropping as more and more wall is being completed! buildingthewal
95% approval rating in the republican party, a record. 53% approval rating overall (can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the trump “thing?”). thank you!
now the radical left, do nothing democrats, are asking senatemajldr mitch mcconnell to do the job that they were unable to do. they proved nothing but my total innocence in the house, despite the most unfair biased hearings in the history of congress. now they demand fairness!
nancy pelosi will go down as the absolute worst speaker of the house in u.s. history!
new polling shows that the totally partisan impeachment hoax is going nowhere. a vast majority want the do nothing democrats to move on to other things now!
where have the radical left, do nothing democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of qassem soleimani, one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? he was also looking to do big future damage! dems are “unhinged.”
“fbi director apologizes for fisa errors (of which there were far to many to be a coincidence!).” foxnews chris, what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called “errors?” are these “dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed?
will be interviewed tonight by laura ingrahamangle at 10pme on foxnews. enjoy!
she will go down as perhaps the least successful speaker in u.s. history! …
i love constantly proving them wrong. it’s easy! …
“i’ve been doing this for 40 years and i’ve never seen anything like this (economy).” varneyco foxandfriends
“11,000 points gained in the dow in the 3 years since the election of president trump. today it may hit 29,000. that has never happened before in that time frame. that has added 12.8 trillion dollars to the value of american business.” varneyco foxnews the best is yet to come!
we will get this done for our great miners! …
thank you mike! …
i agree. jovita will do a great job! …
great interview this morning by foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big rally last night in toledo, ohio. thank you. such amazing energy!
wow! thank you greg. hope i live up to your expectations. …
democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream! kag202
after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. we are finally putting america first! kag202
under my administration, we will never make excuses for america’s enemies we will never hesitate in defending american lives and we will never stop working to defeat radical islamic terrorism
thank you toledo, ohio! …
heading to toledo, ohio, for first rally of the year. tremendous crowd. here we go for a big 2020 win!
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
smart analysis, i fully agree! …
thank you! …
happy national law enforcement appreciation day! les
stock market at all-time high! how are your 401k’s doing? 70%, 80%, 90% up? only 50% up! what are you doing wrong?
u.s. cancer death rate lowest in recorded history! a lot of good news coming out of this administration.
breaking news: the fifth circuit court of appeals just reversed a lower court decision gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed southern border wall, four billion dollars. entire wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
hope that all house republicans will vote against crazy nancy pelosi’s war powers resolution. also, remember her “speed rush” in getting the impeachment hoax voted on done. well, she never sent the articles to the senate. just another democrat fraud. presidential harassment!
presidential harassment!
thank you elise! …
pelosi doesn’t want to hand over the articles of impeachment, which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like shifty schiff in the first place, because after all of these years of investigations and persecution, they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
great! …
winred! …
see you later! …
all is well! missiles launched from iran at two military bases located in iraq. assessment of casualties damages taking place now. so far, so good! we have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! i will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
had a very good meeting with kbsalsaud of saudi arabia. we discussed trade, military, oil prices, security, and stability in the middle east!
great interview with gopleader kevin mccarthy on foxandfriends. “there was no urgency with the articles of impeachment because there was no case.”
we love australia! …
amazing analysis reporting! …
....if however, the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility, and politely asks for help from the federal government, we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run democrat cities great again!
the homeless situation in los angeles, san francisco, and many other democrat party run cities throughout the nation is a state and local problem, not a federal problem....
iran will never have a nuclear weapon!
congress the president should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan impeachment hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to zero was the republican house vote, we got 3 dems. this was not what the founders had in mind!
the impeachment hoax, just a continuation of the witch hunt which started even before i won the election, must end quickly. read the transcripts, see the ukrainian president’s strong statement, no pressure get this done. it is a con game by the dems to help with the election!
“the reason they are not sending the articles of impeachment to the senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic.” lindseygrahamsc mariabartiromo the great scam continues. to be spending time on this political hoax at this moment in our history, when i am so busy, is sad!
these media posts will serve as notification to the united states congress that should iran strike any u.s. person or target, the united states will quickly fully strike back, perhaps in a disproportionate manner. such legal notice is not required, but is given nevertheless!
the united states just spent two trillion dollars on military equipment. we are the biggest and by far the best in the world! if iran attacks an american base, or any american, we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way...and without hesitation!
they attacked us, we hit back. if they attack again, which i would strongly advise them not to do, we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before! …
....targeted 52 iranian sites (representing the 52 american hostages taken by iran many years ago), some at a very high level important to iran the iranian culture, and those targets, and iran itself, will be hit very fast and very hard. the usa wants no more threats!
....hundreds of iranian protesters. he was already attacking our embassy, and preparing for additional hits in other locations. iran has been nothing but problems for many years. let this serve as a warning that if iran strikes any americans, or american assets, we have.....
iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain usa assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an american, badly wounded many others, not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime, including recently....
as hard as i work, as successful as our country has become with our economy, our military everything else, it is ashame that the democrats make us spend so much time money on this ridiculous impeachment lite hoax. i should be able to devote all of my time to the real usa!
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. the democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. as senator josh hawley just said, he’s going to enter a motion to dismiss the impeachment trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending u.s. taxpayer money. there was a back forth over the legal arguments, the w.h. decision was....
christopher bedford, the federalist senior editor. “there is nothing new in these emails at all that’s been discovered. it’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the white house political figures wanted to cut off aid, trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
this is a great book, a must read! …
....and more control over iraq, and the people of iraq are not happy with that. it will never end well!
the united states has paid iraq billions of dollars a year, for many years. that is on top of all else we have done for them. the people of iraq don’t want to be dominated controlled by iran, but ultimately, that is their choice. over the last 15 years, iran has gained more....
....of protesters killed in iran itself. while iran will never be able to properly admit it, soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. they are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. he should have been taken out many years ago!
general qassem soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of americans over an extended period of time, and was plotting to kill many more...but got caught! he was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people, including the recent large number....
iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
....had happened to a presidential candidate, or president, who was a democrat, everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason (and more), and it would be considered the crime of the century, far bigger and more sinister than watergate!
a lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of dirty (filthy) cops, politicians, government officials, and an investigation that was illegally started that spied on my campaign. the witch hunt is sputtering badly, but still going on (ukraine hoax!). if this....
....it’s alienating independents. this president is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another, and that really plays to his base.” foxnews cvpayne their partisan witch hunt is hurting our country do badly, only bringing more division than ever!
sohrab ahmari, new york post “the trump campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment (scam) vote. it seems the democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. they set up a process they know is not going to lead to the presidents removal, &...
they don’t know how to do that! …
great job! …
can’t believe att keeps the management after yet another cnn ratings dive. nobody watching, no credibility! maybe they should make changes at at&t? …
too bad, corey would have won! he (and i) loves new hampshire. …
best equipment finest military in the world. on site quickly! …
happy new year!
our fantastic first lady! …
thank you steve. the greatest witch hunt in u.s. history! …
thank you to the dcexaminer washington examiner. the list is growing every day! …
one of my greatest honors was to have gotten choice approved for our great veterans. others have tried for decades, and failed! …
how is the paris accord doing? don’t ask! …
wonderful account of u.s. embassy (iraq) vs. the benghazi disaster! …
get this straightened out, governor gavinnewsom …
i am far better on healthcare than the democrats! …
the fake news said i played golf today, and i did not! i had meeting in various locations, while closely monitoring the u.s. embassy situation in iraq, which i am still doing. the corrupt lamestream media knew this but, not surprisingly, failed to report or correct!
the anti-benghazi!
just for a little change of pace! …
....iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. they will pay a very big price! this is not a warning, it is a threat. happy new year!
the u.s. embassy in iraq is, has been for hours, safe! many of our great warfighters, together with the most lethal military equipment in the world, was immediately rushed to the site. thank you to the president prime minister of iraq for their rapid response upon request....
“this guy (peter strzok) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” rachel campos-duffy foxnews and he wasn’t the only one in that administration. the greatest witch hunt in american history!
...on 51 votes, which is procedural. you don’t need two thirds.” brad blakeman foxnews a great lawyer person. thank you brad!
“it’s my opinion as a lawyer that the articles of impeachment are defective on their face, which means i would like to see a motion to dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial. i don’t think there should be a trial. i think it should be dismissed....
remember when pelosi was screaming that president trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. they didn’t get one republican house vote, and lost 3 dems. they produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the senate. she’s all lies. most overrated person i know!
read the transcripts!
very good meeting on the middle east, the military, and trade. heading back to the southern white house (mar-a-lago!). updates throughout the day.
to those many millions of people in iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by iran, this is your time!
i will be signing our very large and comprehensive phase one trade deal with china on january 15. the ceremony will take place at the white house. high level representatives of china will be present. at a later date i will be going to beijing where talks will begin on phase two!
president putin of russia called to thank me and the u.s. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of saint petersburg. they were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. great important coordination!
armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in texas. if it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed, and highly proficient in using their weapon, the end result would have been catastrophic. a big thank you to them!
iran killed an american contractor, wounding many. we strongly responded, and always will. now iran is orchestrating an attack on the u.s. embassy in iraq. they will be held fully responsible. in addition, we expect iraq to use its forces to protect the embassy, and so notified!
the democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the senate in order to protect sleepy joe biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “where’s” hunter, possibly joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing nothing. joe wants no part of this mess!
our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. it was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. lives were saved by these heroes, and texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
he is fake news, will always be fredo to us. i should release some of his dishonest interviews? coupled with bad ratings, he’d be out! …
thank you to highly respected jewish leader dov hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on foxandfriends.
the anti-semitic attack in monsey, new york, on the 7th night of hanukkah last night is horrific. we must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-semitism. melania and i wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
crazy nancy pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the impeachment hoax! …
any answers nancy? …
tremendous spirit! …
thank you joe. so good for our workers! …
thank you juliet! …
a dirty cop at the highest level. scum! …
thank you adriana! …
so sad to see that new york city and state are falling apart. all they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than i should. governor cuomo has lost control, and lost his mind. very bad for the homeless and all!
i want to thank rush limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the make america great again movement and our keep america great agenda! he is a major star who never wavered despite the fake news hits he has had to endure. his voice is far bigger than theirs!
california and new york must do something about their tremendous homeless problems. they are setting records! if their governors can’t handle the situation, which they should be able to do very easily, they must call and “politely” ask for help. would be so easy with competence!
the wall is funded being built! …
now that wasn’t very nice, was it? …
our great first lady. she really cares! …
congresswoman lesko, a great american! …
a true democrat party leader! …
what kind of an animal is this? …
hillary should give it another try, but this time don’t forget wisconsin, pennsylvania, michigan, north carolina others! …
come on crazy nancy, do it! …
he made same prediction in 2016. nobody ever said michael was stupid! …
wow crazy nancy, what’s going on? this is big stuff! …
@ oann is doing incredible reporting. if lamestream media did the same, they would get respect back. at all-time low! …
thanks kayleigh! …
“dow closes at another all-time high!” cvpayne foxbusiness
so interesting to see nancy pelosi demanding fairness from senatemajldr mcconnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the united states congress!
....and native culture s.216/spokane tribe, s.256/native languages and ndaa sec. 2870 officially recognizing little shell tribe of chippewa indians. my great honor to do so!
thank you indian country for being such an important part of the american story! i recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty....
“trump stock market rally is far outpacing past u.s. presidents” cnbc with new trade deals, and more, the best is yet to come!
speaker pelosi and chuck schumer’s drive to try and rig the trial against the president is misplaced. there is no factual basis for the articles of impeachment that passed the house. this president will be exonerated.” william mcginley foxandfriends
thank you kristy, have a great year! …
academy award winning actor (and great guy!) jonvoight is fantastic in the role of mickey donovan in the big television hit, ray donovan. from midnight cowboy to deliverance to the champ (one of the best ever boxing movies), many others, jon delivers big. also, loves the usa!
“democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter, but now nancy pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the senate.” replouiegohmert heytammybruce foxnews it’s all part of the impeachment hoax!
“pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of democrat’s impeachment case.” greggjarrett foxnews
thank you ritchie! …
the movie will never be the same! (just kidding) …
i guess justin t doesn’t much like my making him pay up on nato or trade! …
california leads the nation, by far, in both the number of homeless people, and the percentage increase in the homeless population two terrible stats. crazy nancy should focus on that in her very down district, and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!
“nancy pelosi is trying to usurp the constitutional role of the senate. the longer this goes on, the more petty, partisan political it all looks.” karlrove foxnews just more of the same from the do nothing dems. nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her d!
“nasdaq hits 9,000 for first time ever” …
“trump stock market rally is far outpacing past us presidents” …
russia, syria, and iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in idlib province. don’t do it! turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
despite all of the great success that our country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when i am having to constantly defend myself against the do nothing democrats their bogus impeachment scam. bad for usa!
“nancy pelosi has no leverage over the senate. mitch mcconnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the house, and she has no standing in the senate.” brad blakeman. crazy nancy should clean up her filthy dirty district help the homeless there. a primary for n?
nancy pelosi’s district in california has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the u.s. when it come to the homeless crime. it has gotten so bad, so fast she has lost total control and, along with her equally incompetent governor, gavin newsom, it is a very sad sight!
brad blakeman “i happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective, they don’t meet the constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors, so i would like to see a motion to dismiss. at least 51 republican senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.”
the radical left, do nothing democrats said they wanted to rush everything through to the senate because “president trump is a threat to national security” (they are vicious, will say anything!), but now they don’t want to go fast anymore, they want to go very slowly. liars!
“look, the house is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents before they send the articles over to the senate, not to call in new witnesses, go through new documents that work is supposed to be done in the house.” katiepavlich foxandfriends
...& overwhelming,” but this scam impeachment was neither. also, very unfair with no due process, proper representation, or witnesses. now pelosi is demanding everything the republicans weren’t allowed to have in the house. dems want to run majority republican senate. hypocrites!
why should crazy nancy pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the house, be allowed to impeach the president of the united states? got zero republican votes, there was no crime, the call with ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” she said it must be “bipartisan...
wow. it’s all a giant scam! …
thank you tammy. you are doing a great job! …
governor gavin n has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in california. if he can’t fix the problem, the federal govt. will get involved! …
2019 holiday retail sales were up 3.4% from last year, the biggest number in u.s. history. congratulations america!
merry christmas!
187 new federal judges have been confirmed under the trump administration, including two great new united states supreme court justices. we are shattering every record! read all about this in “the long game,” a great new book by senatemajldr mitch mcconnell. amazing story!
the only reason we were able to get our great usmca trade deal approved was because the do nothing democrats wanted to show that they could approve something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. she knows nothing about the usmca deal!
....the american public’s tone deafness & it should be intolerable, because the american people have had it with this.” kilmeade foxandfriends the radical left, do nothing democrats have gone crazy. they want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our country!
“the trump administration, trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.” griff jenkins, foxandfriends
“stocks kick off christmas week at all-time record highs.” foxandfriends
....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but mcconnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to. brithume foxandfriends
everything we’re seeing from speaker pelosi and senator schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough, and are very, very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. the only way to make this work is to..
“the real victims here are the american people and the constitution. the constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by nancy pelosi. this is a very bad time for the united states constitution.” alandersh
what the democrats are doing is “obstruction of the senate. it’s wrong constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” alandersh seanhannity dbongino l agree, and so does the public!
stock market closes at all-time high! what a great time for the radical left, do nothing democrats to impeach your favorite president, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
nasdaq up 72.2% since our great 2016 election victory! dow up 55.8%. the best is yet to come!
i agree 100%! …
wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that republicans in the senate should handle the impeachment hoax in the exact same manner as democrats in the house handled their recent partisan scam? why would it be different for republicans than it was for the radical left democrats?
....what right does crazy nancy have to hold up this senate trial. none! she has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. this witch hunt must end now with a trial in the senate, or let her default lose. no more time should be wasted on this impeachment scam!
nancy pelosi, who has already lost the house speakership once, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero republican vote articles of impeachment. she is trying to take over the senate, cryin’ chuck is trying to take over the trial. no way!....
pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the u.s. congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. she lost congress once, she will do it again!
the democrats and crooked hillary paid for provided a fake dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media dirty cops, have now been caught. they spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up just like watergate, but bigger!
melania and i send our warmest wishes to jewish people in the united states, israel, and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of hanukkah. …
crazy nancy wants to dictate terms on the impeachment hoax to the republican majority senate, but striped away all due process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the democrat majority house. the dems just wish it would all end. their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!
last night i was so proud to have signed the largest defense bill ever. the very vital space force was created. new planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the usa. additionally, we got border wall (being built) funding. nice!
the great democrat disgrace. but we are winning! …
plus, never did anything wrong. read the transcripts. a democrat hoax! …
broke all time stock market record again today. 135 times since my 2016 election win. thank you!
thank you franklin! …
big thank you to mac thornberry @ mactxpress) for a great defense deal! mac has been a champion for our military and vets his whole career, and now he can add space force to his accomplishments. look forward to another great defense bill next year, mac! hascrepublicans
proud of jiminhofe’s tenacious oklahoma spirit that got the ndaa done. maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops establishes space force, which is 1st new branch since 1947 (air force). another huge win for jim’s legacy. to many more! sascmajority …
my administration pushed to include a big expansion to veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our country get the care they need. ruralprosperity
honored to finally put an end to the “widow’s tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. the spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and we must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
we will always provide for our veterans and their mental health. i pushed congress to provide $10 billion for vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my prevents initiative to end vet suicide. congress responded. a big win for our vets!
a total witch hunt! …
last year i signed legislation that gives our veterans choice, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave veterans care quickly, and close to home.
“it’s time to put house democrats on trial.” ingrahamangle
to our incredible federal workforce
to the extraordinary men and women of the united states military
we are getting ms-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldn’t be here, out of our country! …
thank you! kag202
nancy pelosi is looking for a quid pro quo with the senate. why aren’t we impeaching her?
economy is great, big stock market uptick today. best ranking in 20 years admits cnn! …
just had a great call with the president of brazil, jairbolsonaro. we discussed many subjects including trade. the relationship between the united states and brazil has never been stronger!
....kevin is strong on securing the border, usmca, protecting our 2a, and loves our vets and military. kevin is a true friend, and has my complete and total endorsement!
congressman kevin brady @ bradyfortexas) is an outstanding representative for our country and the great state of texas. a big supporter of our maga agenda....
....and has my full endorsement. this is a big win for our gop and a big win for south jersey. south jersey is trump country, so i know all nj republicans will join me in supporting jeff van drew. the dems are already coming after him, so help jeff win. …
the democrat party’s witch hunt and crazy extreme policies are chasing common sense people out of the dem party. that’s why jeff van drew @ congressmanjvd) voted no on the impeachment hoax. jeff will be joining our growing republican party....
congressman scottrtipton is a great supporter of the maga agenda! he fights for your 2a rights and the border wall. scott is working hard for colorado and has my complete and total endorsement!
thank you to franklin graham for stating that his father, the late great billy graham, voted for me in the 2016 election. i know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together! …
i guess the magazine, “christianity today,” is looking for elizabeth warren, bernie sanders, or those of the socialist/communist bent, to guard their religion. how about sleepy joe? the fact is, no president has ever done what i have done for evangelicals, or religion itself!
had a very good talk with president xi of china concerning our giant trade deal. china has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product more. formal signing being arranged. also talked about north korea, where we are working with china, hong kong (progress!).
i will be signing our 738 billion dollar defense spending bill today. it will include 12 weeks paid parental leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the space force, southern border wall funding, repeals “cadillac tax” on health plans, raises smoking age to 21! big!
....have a radical left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion your guns, than donald trump as your president. no president has done more for the evangelical community, and it’s not even close. you’ll not get anything from those dems on stage. i won’t be reading et again!
a far left magazine, or very “progressive,” as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the billy graham family for many years, christianity today, knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.....
thank you bill. so true! …
“house democrats perpetrating a fraud on america.” ingrahamangle
# maga …
“what’s been revealed is a country in better shape than it’s been in decades. working men and women in the country are the beneficiaries of a president who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all americans.” loudobbs thank you lou!
“this is political malpractice. this is a horrible judgement call on the part of the speaker. you put your members in trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. it’s only going to extend it out further. this looks like the joke that it actually is.” ben domenech
the reason the democrats don’t want to submit the articles of impeachment to the senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician adam shifty schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the whistleblower, the missing second whistleblower, the informer, the bidens, to testify!
the house democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the republicans on their impeachment hoax. the republicans have never been so united! the dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
so after the democrats gave me no due process in the house, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the senate how to run their trial. actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. they want out. i want an immediate trial!
the great usmca trade deal (mexico canada) has been sitting on nancy pelosi’s desk for 8 months, she doesn’t even know what it says, today, after passing by a wide margin in the house, pelosi tried to take credit for it. labor will vote for trump. trade deal is great for usa!
“jesse (watters), this is the best year any president has ever had, plus we get an impeachment.” greggutfeld the five foxnews
pelosi feels her phony impeachment hoax is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the senate, which can set a date and put this whole scam into default if they refuse to show up! the do nothings are so bad for our country!
thank you rena! …
thank you terrence! …
thank you anne! …
our great congressman gohmert is a true patriot fighting back against people that must hate our country! …
this is what the dems are dealing with. does anyone think this is good for the usa! …
i got impeached last night without one republican vote being cast with the do nothing dems on their continuation of the greatest witch hunt in american history. now the do nothing party want to do nothing with the articles not deliver them to the senate, but it’s senate’s call!
presidential harassment!
“the senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” if the do nothing democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by default!
100% republican vote. that’s what people are talking about. the republicans are united like never before!
thank you! kag …
thank you michigan, i am on my way. see everybody soon! ka
such atrocious lies by the radical left, do nothing democrats. this is an assault on america, and an assault on the republican party!!!!
....won’t convict and remove the president then the house should not be impeaching the president in the first place. if this is the new standard, every president from here on out is impeachable.” andy mccarthy foxnews so well stated. thank you!
in the end here, nothing happened. we don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a president should be removed from office. i believe that a president can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the senate..
“the evidence has to be overwhelming, and it is not. it’s not even close.” ken starr, former independent counsel
will go down in history as worst speaker. already thrown out once! …
thank you! …
“impeachment is a terrible idea for the country. the more people learn about impeachment, the less people want impeachment.” tuckercarlson
“this is all about convicting a president based on innuendo, not on the facts. even the ukrainian president said there was no pressure!” repmarkmeadows
thank you! …
sean p is a much stronger candidate! …
sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. has my total and complete endorsement! …
....out, and he’s been amazing at it. the democrsts have no message, they have no hope for 2020.” repdougcollins foxandfriends thank you doug!
....had, while the democrats are just looking out for elections. this president should just continue to fight like he’s always fought, for himself for this country. continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs trade policies. that’s what makes this president stand..
....said, “i’m going to clean up washington, i’m going to help people.” he gave big tax cuts, he’s made our military strong. they’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. history will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever.....
“it’s sad. here’s a gentleman who came to the white house and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. all they wanted to do is impeach him. they started the day after he was elected, even the day after he was sworn in. but this president came to washington and....
“they just wanted to get at the president. they had no intention of having a proper investigation. they couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of congress, which every administration from the beginning has done.” repdougcollins foxandfriends
can you believe that i will be impeached today by the radical left, do nothing democrats, and i did nothing wrong! a terrible thing. read the transcripts. this should never happen to another president again. say a prayer!
. foxandfriends “my hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again.” kilmeade well said brian!
. marcthiessen “voters say the democrats are trying to take away their votes. pelosi was right the first time. impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the democrats. how can you impeach the president for going to the courts?”
....they want to impeach me (i’m not worried!), and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. how can they do that and yet impeach a very successful (economy plus) president of the united states, who has done nothing wrong? these people are crazy!
so, if comey the top people in the fbi were dirty cops and cheated on the fisa court, wouldn’t all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? they went after me with the fake dossier, paid for by crooked hillary the dnc, which they illegally presented to fisa...
good marks and reviews on the letter i sent to pelosi today. she is the worst! no wonder with people like her and cryin’ chuck schumer, d.c. has been such a mess for so long and that includes the previous administration who (and now we know for sure) spied on my campaign.
democrat “leadership,” despite their denials, are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous impeachment. if they vote yes, it will be much easier for republicans to win in 2020!
wow! “in a stunning rebuke of the fbi, the fisa court severly chastised the fbi for the fisa abuses brought to light in the recent inspector general’s report. there were at least 17 significant errors.” foxnews statement by the court was long and tough. means my case was a scam!
senator dan sullivan is doing a great job for the people of alaska while supporting our maga agenda. he fights hard everyday to support our veterans and the military. dan is strong on the 2a and is 100% pro-jobs. i give dan sullivan my complete and total endorsement!
. buddy_carter is a businessman first. he takes care of our vets and troops and is leading the fight to slash drug prices! buddy's 100% pro-wall 100% pro-jobs. he will keep america great and has my total, strong endorsement!
congressman denver4va riggleman is a true conservative leader who has done a great job for virginia and will support our maga agenda. he defends our right to bear arms, protect our borders help small businesses. denver has my total endorsement!
congressman markwaynemullin is a big time maga supporter! markwayne has fought hard for oklahoma veterans and military, he loves our farmers and he’s strong on border security. i give markwayne my complete and total endorsement!
congresswoman kay grangercampaign has worked hard for texas and been a strong supporter of our maga agenda. she’s strong on 2a and securing our border and is 100% pro-life. kay has my complete and total endorsement!
we support jeanineanez in bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. we denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in bolivia and from afar. the u.s. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!
....chance, they’ve had their kangaroo court, they’ve had their circus for weeks and months. there just isn’t anything there and there’s no way i’m voting for impeachment for somebody who hasn’t committed any impeachable offenses.” ingrahamangle
senator josh hawley (r-mo) “they (the dems) don’t have anything. this whole thing is a joke, and it’s time to get the president exonerated. the house has no evidence of any impeachable offense. there’s nothing there, and they didn’t even charge a crime. they’ve had their.....
would be sooo great if the fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. the dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation. this is the time to do it. exports would zoom!
the new usa today poll, just out, has me leading all of the democrat contenders. that’s hard to believe since the fake news 3 year scams and witch hunts, as phony as they are, just never seem to end. the american people are smart. they see the great economy, everything else!
impeachment poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole democrat scam is all about!
. foxnews “trump wins major victories in china and usmca trade deals, defense spending and space force.” thank you!
the stock market hit another record high yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite president, and the radical left, do nothing democrats, want to impeach me. don’t worry, i have done nothing wrong. actually, they have!
congressman jeff van drew is very popular in our great and very united republican party. it was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily republican district as a democrat. people like that are not easily replaceable!
…
new stock market high! i will never get bored of telling you that and we will never get tired of winning!
wow! …
thank you devin. great reflexes! …
....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased commission. i will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the commission on presidential debates is not authorized to speak for me (or r’s)!
....the problem is that the so-called commission on presidential debates is stacked with trump haters never trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against crooked hillary. as president, the debates are up...
i look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched do nothing democrat debates. my record is so good on the economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps i would consider more than 3 debates.....
read the transcripts! the impeachment hoax is the greatest con job in the history of american politics! the fake news media, and their partner, the democrat party, are working overtime to make life for the united republican party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!
“the american people see through it.” …
....impeaching him. they hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. substantial policy results for the working americans who put him in the white house, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” nextrevfnc stevehiltonx thank you steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the wall going up, china confronted, the caliphate defeated, nafta renegotiated, our military rebuilt, nato paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. this is why they’re....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
“here in america it will be the same victory as brexit, but even more so. in the u.s., while all of this has been going on, the impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, president trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
watch these two great people talk about the impeachment hoax. will be by far the best hour on television! …
congressional do nothing democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the impeachment hoax. people that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. crazy nancy is finding defending shifty schiff harder than she thought! 2020election
because nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didn’t have time to think! …
fake news! …
. seanhannity, who will be interviewed on marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 p.m., foxnews, stated about the impeachment hoax, “this is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. should never be allowed to happen.”
approval rating in republican party 95%, a record! overall approval rating 51%. think of where i’d be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony witch hunt, that started 3 years ago!
the foxnewpolls, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward dems. so ridiculous same thing happened in 2016. they got it all wrong. get a new pollster!
“the president did nothing wrong here. there is no crime.” charliekirk11 impeachment hoax!
“there is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the articles of impeachment. this is a first in the history of our country.” judgejeanine repmikejohnson
so now comey’s admitting he was wrong. wow, but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. he was actually caught a long time ago. so what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. could it be years in jail? where are the apologies to me and others, jim?
a perfect phone call. “can you do us (not me. us is referring to our country) a favor.” then go on to talk about “country” and “u.s. attorney general.” the impeachment hoax is just a continuation of the witch hunt which has been going on for 3 years. we will win! magakag #2020
as bad as the i.g. report is for the fbi and others, and it is really bad, remember that i.g. horowitz was appointed by obama. there was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. big credibility loss. obama knew everything!
far from it! …
crooked hillary caught again. she is a total train wreck! …
schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the i.g. report)! a very big lie. mariabartiromo and devinnunes has turned out to be completely right. congratulations to devin. the fake news media should apologize to all!
wow, that would be big. always heard jeff is very smart! …
thank you for your honesty jeff. all of the democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they don’t have the “guts” to say so! …
i will see navy at the white house to present the commander-in-chief’s trophy! …
incredible young, strong and brilliant people. army/navy! …
congratulations to tiger and the entire u.s. team on a great comeback and tremendous win. true champions! …
it was my great honor to attend the 120th army-navy game today in philadelphia, pennsylvania! navyfb armywp_football armynavygam
both commiecast msnbc fake news cnn are watching their ratings tank. fredo on cnn is dying. don’t know why foxnews wants to be more like them? they’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. only pro trump fox shows do well. rest are nothing. how’s shep doing?
hard to believe that foxnews will be interviewing sleazebag totally discredited former fbi director james comey, also corrupt politician adam “shifty” schiff. fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed dem debates!
congratulations navyfb! …
the last time i spoke to debbie dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time congressman john dingell. now i watch her ripping me as part of the democrats impeachment hoax. really pathetic!
chuck schumer sat for years during the obama administration and watched as china ripped off the united states. he the do nothing democrats did nothing as this carnage took place. now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our great new deal with china. too bad cryin’ chuck!
on my way to the armynavygame in philadelphia, pennsylvania
....trampled on our constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our republic. the american people are going to speak up and speak out about this. i think this guarantees trump’s re-election in 2020.” jason_meister
....absolutely no pressure. i don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. unbelievably, the democrats have weaponized the impeachment process, they have....
“there are 31 house democrats in trump won congressional districts. those dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. if you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, president zelensky said there was....
“independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the democrats.” congressman michael waltz, florida
after watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, brettkavanaugh, was treated by the democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same radical left, do nothing dems are treating the whole impeachment hoax, i understand why so many dems are voting republican!
25 million evangelical christians are not registered to vote. we are working hard to get them registered! robertjeffress loudobbs
“the fbi declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in russia fisa case despite 17 acts of misconduct. there is nothing noble about their leadership. fisa court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” loudobbs
it’s not fair that i’m being impeached when i’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! the radical left, do nothing democrats have become the party of hate. they are so bad for our country!
happy birthday! guard38
“this whole process has been rigged from the start.” repdlesko
.....the penalty tariffs set for december 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. we will begin negotiations on the phase two deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 election. this is an amazing deal for all. thank you!
we have agreed to a very large phase one deal with china. they have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of agricultural product, energy, and manufactured goods, plus much more. the 25% tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....
the wall street journal story on the china deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on tariffs. fake news. they should find a better leaker!
record stock market jobs!
how do you get impeached when you have done nothing wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the history of our country, rebuilt our military, fixed the v.a. (choice!), cut taxes regs, protected your 2nd a, created jobs, jobs, jobs, and soooo much more? crazy!
congratulations to foxandfriends on being named, by far, the number one rated cable news show. cnn and msnbc have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. they have zero credibility!
“all of our presidents would be impeached under this rogue house of democrat leadership.” marklevinshow
the republican party is more united now than at any time in its history by far!
the do nothing democrats have become the party of lies and deception! the republicans are the party of the american dream!
poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of no impeachment, especially with swing states and independents in swing states. people have figured out that the democrats have no case, it is a total hoax. even pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
my approval rating in the republican party is 95%, a record. thank you! 2020election
the republicans house members were fantastic yesterday. it always helps to have a much better case, in fact the dems have no case at all, but the unity sheer brilliance of these republican warriors, all of them, was a beautiful sight to see. dems had no answers and wanted out!
congratulations to boris johnson on his great win! britain and the united states will now be free to strike a massive new trade deal after brexit. this deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the e.u. celebrate boris!
“last night house judiciary chairman jerry nadler admitted that democrats are pursuing impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the american people pick the next president in 2020.” kilmeade foxnews
looking like a big win for boris in the u.k.!
nancy pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” in other words, she lied. this was the radical left, do nothing democrats plan all along, long before the ukraine phone call. impeachment hoax!
.....what’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. the majority has been so abusive.”
.....by congress, by the justice department fbi friends of the democrats, who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. at some point somebody should have said, wait a minute, this is out of control, this train is off the tracks, it’s time to get reasonable.”
@ replouiegohmert “this is so surreal. for three years, this president has been harassed. he’s been electronically surveilled, spied upon, allegations have never ceased, they continue, and their continuing today. at some point you would think you would look at the abuse.....
“i think it’s obvious to all the american public that this is a railroad job!” jimpressoffic
i also have constantly asked, “why aren’t germany, france and other european countries helping ukraine more? they are the biggest beneficiaries. why is it always the good ol’ united states?” the radical left, do nothing democrats, never mention this at their phony hearing!
dems veronica escobar and jackson lee purposely misquoted my call. i said i want you to do us (our country!) a favor, not me a favor. they know that but decided to lie in order to make a fraudulent point! very sad.
getting very close to a big deal with china. they want it, and so do we!
big!!! …
antifa will not be going after bryce or colbycovmma anytime soon. they much prefer people who can’t fight back! …
# throwbackthursda
i agree! …
dirty cops! …
amazing! …
very dishonest pols! …
true! …
congratulations to judge lawrence vandyke on being confirmed to the ninth circuit. great job!
very sad! …
i will be there in two weeks, the southern white house! …
what a great evening! …
thank you! …
a fantastic night in pennsylvania! …
great deal for usa! …
so ridiculous. greta must work on her anger management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! chill greta, chill! …
it’s great to have a wonderful subject, president trump. fake news like cnn msnbc are dying. if they treated me fairly, they would do well. have zero credibility! …
“new polls say most americans oppose impeachment.” foxandfriends i did nothing wrong. this will be the first impeachment ever where there was no crime. they don’t even allege a crime. crazy!
great rally in pennsylvania last night. congressman lloyd smucker (pa-11) was there and i informed him that he has my complete and total endorsement for the upcoming 2020 election. lloyd has done a great job. i am with him all the way! maga
they spied on my campaign! …
they will never do it! …
the news media in our country is fake and in many cases, totally corrupt! …
“the exclusive ami_magazine poll, what orthodox jews really think about president trump” jaketurx
wow! all of our priorities have made it into the final ndaa: pay raise for our troops, rebuilding our military, paid parental leave, border security, and space force! congress don’t delay this anymore! i will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
“zero evidence that any law was broken. they’re not even alleging that a law was broken. this is an abuse of the constitution. it is using impeachment as a campaign tool.” sentedcruz
they were just upset that i demanded they pay their fair share for nato. their countries are delinquent. i raised $530 billion more from nato countries! thank you charles. …
after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. in everything we do, we are putting america first! kag202
day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt washington establishment and with your help, we are going to complete the mission and drain the swamp! kag202
thank you pennsylvania! with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning! we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under god! …
just had a very good meeting with foreign minister sergey lavrov and representatives of russia. discussed many items including trade, iran, north korea, inf treaty, nuclear arms control, and election meddling. look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future
on my way to hershey, pennsylvania for a rally. see everyone soon. i love hershey chocolate
just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in jersey city, nj. our thoughts prayers are w/ the victims their families during this very difficult tragic time. we will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local state officials on the ground.
read the transcripts! “us” is a reference to usa, not me!
shifty schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to congress, and said those words came from me. he got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. he’ll eventually have to answer for this!
witch hunt!
nadler just said that i “pressured ukraine to interfere in our 2020 election.” ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. both the president foreign minister of ukraine said, many times, that there “was no pressure.” nadler and the dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!
looking like very good democrat support for usmca. that would be great for our country!
america’s great usmca trade bill is looking good. it will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the usa. good for everybody farmers, manufacturers, energy, unions tremendous support. importantly, we will finally end our country’s worst trade deal, nafta!
to impeach a president who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done nothing wrong, is sheer political madness! 2020election
“i can’t remember anything quite like this (the i.g. report).” brithume bretbaier
i don’t know what report current director of the fbi christopher wray was reading, but it sure wasn’t the one given to me. with that kind of attitude, he will never be able to fix the fbi, which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men women working there!
....in a very long time. the fbi has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. this was very serious misconduct on the part of the fbi.” brithume bretbaier are you listening comey, mccabe, lovers lisa peter, the beautiful ohr family, brennan, clapper many more?
“you have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the report, they are very bad. the fisa court was clearly taken for a ride on this, a failure of the fbi up and fown the chain of command. it’s about as strong a medicine as i’ve seen in a report of this kind...
a great choice. bill is a winner! …
read the transcripts!
the do nothing democrats are a disgrace! …
the best economy ever! …
witch hunt! …
the real deal! …
witch hunt! …
let our great soldiers fight! …
america first! …
“the democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our democracy.” mariabartiromo
“no president in american history has been treated like this.” marklevinshow
.cnn is a ratings disaster. lost all credibility! …
what he did is illegal. schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal! …
“this would be the first impeachment in american history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” paul gigot, the wall street journal
.....american people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? i think it is really a hard sell for nancy pelosi.” danhenninger the wall street journal
“the democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. nancy pelosi, by raising this to the level of impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. this comes after three years of nonstop investigations of trump, the russian collusion narrative, the mueller report, now the.....
i.g. report out tomorrow. that will be the big story!
“i think the democrats are going to lose many members over this.” debbielesko edhenry
the wall is going up fast! …
i got nato countries to pay 530 billion dollars a year more, and the u.s. less, and came home to a fake news media that mocked me. didn’t think that was possible!
great! …
don’t get why foxnews puts losers on like repswalwell (who got zero as presidential candidate before quitting), pramila jayapal, david cicilline and others who are radical left haters? the dems wouldn’t let foxnews get near their bad ratings debates, yet fox panders. pathetic!
....it’s going to go nowhere. they are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. i think the american people know that this is a waste of time, this is democrats putting on a circus. sentedcruz interviewed by sleepy eyes chuck todd
“any president has the authority to investigate corruption. the president himself released the transcript of the call. now the democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. this is a kangaroo court in the house, but it’s going to go to the senate,...
....biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of exxonmobil.” thank you ted. he also made a fortune from china and others, but zero before his father became v.p. meetthepress
. sentedcruz “the democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime, they can’t prove a law was violated, and here’s why. any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning hunter....
less than 48 hours before start of the impeachment hearing hoax, on monday, the no due process, do nothing democrats are, believe it or not, changing the impeachment guidelines because the facts are not on their side. when you can’t win the game, change the rules!
....with the u.s. presidential election in november. north korea, under the leadership of kim jong un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. nato, china, russia, japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
kim jong un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. he signed a strong denuclearization agreement with me in singapore. he does not want to void his special relationship with the president of the united states or interfere.... …
congratulations to titoortiz on tonight’s huge win, a great american patriot! …
@ kimstrassel “schiff’s surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power.” to put it mildly. also, it is illegal!
the united states secret service deputy assistant director, anthony ornato, will become my new deputy chief of staff for operations. i have worked with tony for 3 years he will do a fantastic job! thank you to dan walsh for his great service, and congratulations to tony!
“not only have the democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” petehegseth they don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
“why re-elect democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. their case is not strong because first it was russian collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was ukraine, now their pivoting back to russia. why would they be doing that?” lisa booth
our economy is the envy of the world!
hard to believe, but if nancy pelosi had put our great trade deal with mexico and canada, usmca, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. if she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!
the united states will not rest until we bring every american wrongfully detained in iran and around the world back home to their loved ones! …
taken during the obama administration (despite $150 billion gift), returned during the trump administration. thank you to iran on a very fair negotiation. see, we can make a deal together! …
while the world is not doing well economically, our country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. jobs, jobs, jobs!
read the transcripts! also, see where i say “us” (our country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where i then say that the attorney general (of the united states) will call you. people still remember schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. witch hunt!
why is the world bank loaning money to china? can this be possible? china has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create it. stop!
fake news cnn is reporting that i am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” this is totally false information and reporting. i haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. only use government approved and issued phones. retract!
nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! zero substance—country wants usmca and growth, not impeachment. polls have tanked on the do nothing democrats!
...this bill helps students get the student aid they need to go to college! stop the headaches, and stop the paperwork barriers to higher education! congrats to lamar!
great work yesterday by the senate to support our historically black colleges and universities! thank you betsydevosed, senalexander, and senatortimscott for your leadership...
congressman lancegooden has done a wonderful job for the people of texas while supporting our maga agenda. he continues to protect your very important 2a. lance is strong on crime and the border, he loves our great vets and military. lance has my complete total endorsement!
....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
all necessary work has been completed to declare mexican cartels terrorist organizations. statutorily we are ready to do so. however, at the request of a man who i like and respect, and has worked so well with us, president andres manuel lopezobrador_ we....
jobs, jobs, jobs
....the king said that the saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the saudi people who love the american people.
king salman of saudi arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in pensacola, florida....
just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at nas pensacola in florida, and spoke to govrondesantis. my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. we are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
without the horror show that is the radical left, do nothing democrats, the stock markets and economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the border would be closed to the evil of drugs, gangs and all other problems! #2020
@ heytammybruce “this seems personal. that it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. this has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them, who has had victory where they have not had victory, and has exposed the problem with the leftists.”
“this is a blowout. look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.” mariabartiromo
@ jimcramer “this is the best number i’ve ever seen in my life.”
great jobs report!
stock markets up record numbers. for this year alone, dow up 18.65%, s&p up 24.36%, nasdaq composite up 29.17%. “it’s the economy, stupid.”
do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. the fake news media makes up many “sources say” stories. do not believe them!
where’s the fake whistleblower? where’s whistleblower number 2? where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
the story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to saudi arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, fake news!
republican approval rating 95%. thank you!
nancy pelosi just had a nervous fit. she hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. stock market and employment records. she says she “prays for the president.” i don’t believe her, not even close. help the homeless in your district nancy. usmca?
thank you! mag
....this will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of impeachment will be used routinely to attack future presidents. that is not what our founders had in mind. the good thing is that the republicans have never been more united. we will win!
the do nothing, radical left democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to impeach me over nothing. they already gave up on the ridiculous mueller “stuff,” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the ukrainian president....
.....trial in the senate, and so that our country can get back to business. we will have schiff, the bidens, pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. i was elected to “clean the swamp,” and that’s what i am doing!
the do nothing democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the house. they have no impeachment case and are demeaning our country. but nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. therefore i say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair....
tremendous things achieved for u.s. on my nato trip. proudly for our country, no president has ever achieved so much in so little time. without a u.s. increase, other countries have already increased by $130 billion-with $400 billion soon. such a thing has never been done before!
....”i would like to have the attorney general (of the united states) call you or your people.....” this, based on what i have seen, is their big point and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). the democrats should apologize to the american people!
when i said, in my phone call to the president of ukraine, “i would like you to do us a favor though because our country has been through a lot and ukraine knows a lot about it.” with the word “us” i am referring to the united states, our country. i then went on to say that......
just read the best maureen dowd column, in the new york times, ever (although she treated me great before politics), but it was written by her brother, kevin. someone in the news media should hire her wonderful, talented, and very smart brother! …
. nato has now recognized space as an operational domain and the alliance is stronger for it. u.s. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and win on all fronts land, air, sea, and space!
the fake news media is doing everything possible to belittle my very successful trip to london for nato. i got along great with the nato leaders, even getting them to pay $130 billion a year more, $400 billion a year more in 3 years. no increase for u.s., only deep respect!
....when today’s meetings are over, i will be heading back to washington. we won’t be doing a press conference at the close of nato because we did so many over the past two days. safe travels to all!
....just finished meetings with turkey and germany. heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% goals, followed by meetings with denmark and italy....
great progress has been made by nato over the last three years. countries other than the u.s. have agreed to pay 130 billion dollars more per year, and by 2024, that number will be 400 billion dollars. nato will be richer and stronger than ever before....
enjoyed my meeting with prime minister borisjohnson of the united kingdom at 10downingstreet last night. talked about numerous subjects including nato and trade.
thank you! …
too bad. we will miss you kamala! …
the united states of america supports the brave people of iran who are protesting for their freedom. we have under the trump administration, and always will!
true! …
mini mike bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any democrat, but to go after president trump, only. the failing new york times thinks that is o.k., because their hatred bias is so great they can’t even see straight. it’s not o.k.!
just landed in the united kingdom, heading to london for nato meetings tomorrow. prior to landing i read the republicans report on the impeachment hoax. great job! radical left has no case. read the transcripts. shouldn’t even be allowed. can we go to supreme court to stop?
the fed should lower rates (there is almost no inflation) and loosen, making us competitive with other nations, and manufacturing will soar! dollar is very strong relative to others.
manufacturers are being held back by the strong dollar, which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the federal reserve which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of jay powell!
thank you to president zelensky. case over. the do nothing democrats should finally go back to work! …
in the 3 decades before my election, nato spending declined by two-thirds, and only 3 other nato members were meeting their financial obligations. since i took office, the number of nato allies fulfilling their obligations more than doubled, and nato spending increased by $130b!
great job by repdougcollins of georgia over the weekend in representing the republican party, and myself, against the impeachment hoax!
when lisa page, the lover of peter strzok, talks about being “crushed”, and how innocent she is, ask her to read peter’s “insurance policy” text, to her, just in case hillary loses. also, why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left mueller. where are they lisa?
the republican party has never been so united! this impeachment scam is just a continuation of the 3 year witch hunt, but it is only bringing us even closer together!
not only did i see it doks_art, i think it is fantastic. you are a wonderful artist, never give up your dream! …
thank you to great republican senjohnkennedy for the job he did in representing both the republican party and myself against sleepy eyes chuck todd on meet the depressed!
thank you to congressman ben cline4virginia for the great remarks this morning on the illegitimate impeachment hoax. he understands the do nothing democrats very well. also, and as usual, repandybiggsaz was fantastic!
heading to europe to represent our country and fight hard for the american people while the do nothing democrats purposely scheduled an impeachment hoax hearing on the same date as nato. not nice
the do nothing democrats get 3 constitutional lawyers for their impeachment hoax (they will need them!), the republicans get one. oh, that sounds fair!
“when the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers, then we have totally upended the rule of law. nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble. our system of government is under attack.” govmikehuckabee
“the democrats don’t have any evidence, but they are still going to do it anyway. that’s the sham that’s going on here.” jasoninthehouse chaffetz
breaking news: the president of ukraine has just again announced that president trump has done nothing wrong with respect to ukraine and our interactions or calls. if the radical left democrats were sane, which they are not, it would be case over!
“the united states has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. i don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that.” mohamed el-erian, allianz chief economic adviser. but despite this there is tremendous potential for growth, far greater than most have understood!
“the american people are going to see this for what it is. it is a political effort by the democrats, and the president certainly doesn’t have to aid in the impeachment effort.” robert ray mariabartiromo democrats are getting “killed” in their home districts. 2020!
“the process has been unfair. republicans can’t even get their own witnesses. it gets me that adam schiff is not punishable for lying, in any way.” mariabartiromo
u.s. markets are up as much as 21% since the announcement of tariffs on 3/1/2018 and the u.s. is taking in massive amounts of money (and giving some to our farmers, who have been targeted by china)!
.....reserve should likewise act so that countries, of which there are many, no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by further devaluing their currencies. this makes it very hard for our manufactures farmers to fairly export their goods. lower rates loosen fed!
brazil and argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our farmers. therefore, effective immediately, i will restore the tariffs on all steel aluminum that is shipped into the u.s. from those countries. the federal....
“it is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that speaker pelosi said for months was essential for impeachment.” chris wallace foxnews
“trump economy breaks holiday shopping records.” foxnews
great writer and historian, doug wead, has written a true (not fake news) account of what is going on in washington and the white house. his new book, inside trump’s white house, is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our country’s history. buy it!
“donald trump was framed back in 2016.” mariabartiromo 100% correct, maria, and we can never let this happen to another president again!
....in america, community by community where we will eradicate aids in 10 years, program already started. american leadership has proven that together we can save lives.
on world aids day, the first lady and i express our support for those living with hiv/aids and mourn the lives lost. we reaffirm our commitment to end the hiv/aids epidemic....
“schiff’s impeachment hearings wasting time when congress must do real work” …
“trump did nothing impeachable, day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows” greggjarrett …
“sen. tim scott says trump 'innocent,' 'no way' senate convicts” …
an incredible experience! …
nancy pelosi won’t put it up for a vote. has delayed it for 6 months. see you in #2020! …
i will be representing our country in london at nato, while the democrats are holding the most ridiculous impeachment hearings in history. read the transcripts, nothing was done or said wrong! the radical left is undercutting our country. hearings scheduled on same dates as nato!
robert johnson knows business politics. he also understands lowest african american unemployment in u.s. history! …
and the do nothing democrats want to impeach president trump? …
thank you to buckmcneely1 and oliver north for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. best wishes!
…
just returned to the united states after spending a great thanksgiving with our courageous american warriors in afghanistan
i thought newsweek was out of business? …
happy thanksgiving
happy thanksgiving
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
new stock market record today, again. congratulations usa!
people now realize it is a democrat hoax! …
god bless the u.s.a.! mag
thank you florida! kag202
“omb official: ukraine aid held up because other countries weren't giving” …
...love to have mike pompeo, rick perry, mick mulvaney and many others testify about the phony impeachment hoax. it is a democrat scam that is going nowhere but, future presidents should in no way be compromised. what has happened to me should never happen to another president!
...lawyer has already stated that i did nothing wrong. john bolton is a patriot and may know that i held back the money from ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, i wanted to know why nearby european countries weren’t putting up money also. likewise, i would....
the d.c. wolves and fake news media are reading far too much into people being forced by courts to testify before congress. i am fighting for future presidents and the office of the president. other than that, i would actually like people to testify. don mcgahn’s respected....
when the military rips down an old badly broken border wall in an important location, replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high steel concrete wall, nancy pelosi says we are not building a wall. wrong, and it is going up fast. brandon judd just gave us great marks! foxnews
i will always protect our great warfighters. i’ve got your backs!
great job heather! …
“poll shows dems losing interest in impeachment inquiry all across the board. these polls are actually devastating to the democrats. but the writing was on the wall. he’s done so many great things. he’s devastated isis killed albaghdadi, building wall.” jason meister foxnews
“democrats committed to impeaching trump for no reason.” will backfire into big 2020 victory for republicans! ingrahamangle
“dow, nasdaq, s&p 500 close at record highs
another new stock market record. enjoy!
“the democrats are getting hit and slammed on impeachment. it is getting less and less popular by the day.” kilmeade foxandfriends
support for impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20’s in some polls. dems should now get down to work and finally approve usmca, and much more!
“president trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” sam dewey
....honors that he has earned, including his trident pin. admiral and now ambassador to norway ken braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new secretary of the navy. a man of great achievement and success, i know ken will do an outstanding job!
....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. therefore, secretary of the navy richard spencer’s services have been terminated by secretary of defense mark esper. i thank richard for his service commitment. eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....
i was not pleased with the way that navy seal eddie gallagher’s trial was handled by the navy. he was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. i then restored eddie’s rank. likewise, large cost overruns from past administration’s.....
democrats going back to their districts for thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony impeachment scam. republicans will have a great #2020 election!
“the whole russia thing was a hoax, and the ukraine thing is a hoax, and the democrats are a joke. this is a disaster for them!” devinnunes foxnews the do nothing democrats are hurting our country, and they don’t care!
the impeachment scam is driving republican poll numbers up, up, up! thank you shifty.
this is a great and well reseached book on justice k. the ruth marcus book is a badly written reseached disaster. so many incorrect facts. fake news, just like the washingtonpost! …
witch hunt! …
but i did nothing wrong. read the transcripts (2)! …
100% correct! …
agnes, your great boy ronald is looking down, very proud of you
exclusive: elise stefanik reflects on her two-week whirlwind …
the unspoken truth: what impeachment exposed about trump and 2020 …
this is the real story behind the do nothing democrats! …
too bad we didn’t have the g-7 here. i offered to pick up the entire cost, would have saved at least $35,000,000 for the usa. best location. very stupid people thought i would gain. wrong! looking at camp david. will announce soon. …
polls have now turned very strongly against impeachment, especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. thank you!
nancy pelosi, adam schiff, aoc and the rest of the democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the do nothing democrats. usmca, national defense authorization act, gun safety, prescription drug prices, infrastructure are dead in the water because of the dems!
navy seal eddie gallagher will be on foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 a.m. have no fear, all will end well for everyone!
pushed hard to have apple build in usa! …
95% approval rate in the republican party, a record! thank you!
thank you kevin for the nice words! …
....sondland said trump told him. none of this will move the needle for anyone. and now dems in swing districts head home for thanksgiving to hear from voters. pelosi co. are putting on a show to appease the democratic base instead of doing the work all americans need done.”
....any direct evidence that president trump did anything impeachable. no one heard him order a quid pro quo. no one offered a convincing reason why trump’s interest in having ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants impeachment. “i want no quid pro quo” ambassador....
new york post editorial. “worse than pointless. all those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change american’s minds. part of the problem is that democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. more important, not one witness offered.....
daniel cameron, who just won the a.g. race in the great commonwealth of kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. you will be hearing much from cameron in the years to come!
.....brennan, too. and the whistleblower also worked for susan rice. it’s an understatement to say that this is a witch hunt.” ingrahamangle they spied on my campaign!
“the democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. the whistleblower, the guy who took his case to schiff’s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. he worked for biden on ukraine policy when biden was vp. he worked for deep state henchman john
joe concha, the hill: “in emerson college poll, impeachment among independents, 49% oppose, 34% support. you see why pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on opioid crisis, drug prices, usmca, the border, etc.
adam schiff will be compelled to testify should the democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the impeachment hoax. polls have now turned very strongly against impeachment!
“the support for impeachment is not there. i think the democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” jasoninthehouse foxnews
...house republicans are showing real leadership and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. do nothing democrats are playing partisan politics with your drug prices! we are ready to work together if they actually want to get something done!
...pelosi and her do nothing democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. fewer cures! fewer treatments! time for the democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
...while we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, americans still pay far too much for drugs other countries pay far less that is wrong! we will soon be putting more options on the table...
. secazar and i will soon release a plan to let florida and other states import prescription drugs that are much cheaper than what we have now! hard-working americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. we are fighting daily to make sure this happens...
thank you to senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and gopleader kevin mccarthy for their great leadership! there has never been so much unity and spirit in the republican party, as there is right now!
i will be interviewed on foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 a.m. i know that there’s not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. enjoy! stevedoocy ainsleyearhardt kilmeade
“former fbi employee accused of altering fisa documents.” hello, here we go! foxandfriends
thank you elisestefanik and stevescalise, great job
mark levin on impeachment hysteria
"schiff's charade" seanhannit
schiff's "fact" witnesses
....they want zero transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the iranian regime is causing!
iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire internet system so that the great iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
.....president trump said the ukraine president should just do the right thing (no quid pro quo). you shouldn’t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the american government.” thank you ken!
ken starr, former independent counsel: “does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? my assessment of the evidence so far, no where close. the evidence is conflicting ambiguous. ambassador sondland’s testimony stated that....
i have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. my hearing is, and has been, great. never have i been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. i’ve even tried, but to no avail. try it live!
read the two transcripts of ukrainian calls!
the navy will not be taking away warfighter and navy seal eddie gallagher’s trident pin. this case was handled very badly from the beginning. get back to business!
....”nothing gives schiff jurisdiction over impeachment.”
“the new house resolution gives adam schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. rule 10 gives chairman schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. subpoenas issued as part of dems’ impeachment inquiry are illegal.” sam dewey foxnews
.....but we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.
corrupt politician adam schiff’s lies are growing by the day. keep fighting tough, republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken due process and all of the republican party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in american history......
i never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, impeachment! the calls (transcripts) were perfect, there was nothing said that was wrong. no pressure on ukraine. great corruption dishonesty by schiff on the other side!
“freed taliban hostages arrive in germany.” foxandfriends foxnews oann we got them back!
.....president before. what they are doing is not legal. but i’m clean, and when i release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to election, it will only show one thing that i am much richer than people even thought and that is a good thing. jobs, jobs, jobs!
bob mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, my taxes, and found nothing. now the witch hunt continues with local new york democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal i have ever done. this has never happened to a.....
the republican party, and me, had a great day yesterday with respect to the phony impeachment hoax, yet, when i got home to the white house checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. fake corrupt news!
during my visit yesterday to austin, texas, for the startup of the new mac pro, the discussion of a new one $billion campus, also in texas, i asked tim cook to see if he could get apple involved in building 5g in the u.s. they have it all money, technology, vision cook!l
why do shannonbream @ foxnews waste airtime on democrat rep. eric swalwell, who recently left the presidential primaries having attained a grand number of zero in the polls. i don’t even know how that is possible. fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!
poll: trump leads top 2020 democrats in wisconsin ….
“all four of gordon sondland’s lawyers are democrat donors.” tuckercarlson despite this, big win today for republicans!
watch tuckercarlson, seanhannity, ingrahamangle. big news! foxnews
if this were a prizefight, they’d stop it!
today i opened a major apple manufacturing plant in texas that will bring high paying jobs back to america. today nancy pelosi closed congress because she doesn’t care about american workers!
i want nothing
....”i want nothing! i want nothing! i want no quid pro quo! tell president zelensky to do the right thing!” later, ambassador sondland said that i told him, “good, go tell the truth!” this witch hunt must end now. so bad for our country!
impeachment witch hunt is now over! ambassador sondland asks u.s. president (me): “what do you want from ukraine? i keep hearing all these different ideas theories. what do you want? it was a very abrupt conversation. he was not in a good mood. he (the president) just said,”...
we join families of kevin king tim weeks in celebrating their release from taliban captivity. thanks to president ghani for his courageous support. let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. proud of my team!
nancy pelosi will go down as the least productive speaker of the house in history. she is dominated by aoc plus 3 and the radical left. mexico and canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee and who can blame them? too bad!
“white house confidence grows as hearings wear on.” washtimes this is just an attempted takedown of the republican party by the do nothing democrats. it will never work. #2020
the three year hoax continues! …
true. great job repmiketurner! …
read the transcripts! …
thank you tennessee! …
congressman van drew (d-nj): we’ve spent millions of dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hurt, fracturing the nation apart. i haven’t seen this to be a good thing.”
a great day for republicans, a great day for our country!
i agree, but in the end we will win and save our country from certain destruction! …
nasdaq up 27% this year alone!
nancy pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide trump’s fate.” foxnews in other words, she thinks i’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. like al green, she wants to change our voting system. wow, she’s crazy!
the do nothing democrats have disgraced our great country! …
at my meeting with jay powell this morning, i protested fact that our fed rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. in fact, our rates should be lower than all others (we are the u.s.). too strong a dollar hurting manufacturers growth!
mark levin speaking one week after i took office. this was always a planned coup and the radical left democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020
great news! maga ka
thank you! maga ka
…
“congressman van drew (d-nj) slams democrats for ‘fracturing the nation’ with impeachment probe. ‘we already know how it’s going to end.” foxnews
just finished a very good cordial meeting at the white house with jay powell of the federal reserve. everything was discussed including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, dollar strength its effect on manufacturing, trade with china, e.u. others, etc.
....that i testify about the phony impeachment witch hunt. she also said i could do it in writing. even though i did nothing wrong, and don’t like giving credibility to this no due process hoax, i like the idea will, in order to get congress focused again, strongly consider it!
our crazy, do nothing (where’s usmca, infrastructure, lower drug pricing much more?) speaker of the house, nervous nancy pelosi, who is petrified by her radical left knowing she will soon be gone (they fake news media are her boss), suggested on sunday’s deface the nation....
never has the republican party been so united as it is now. 95% a.r. this is a great fraud being played out against the american people by the fake news media their partner, the do nothing democrats. the rules are rigged by pelosi schiff, but we are winning, and we will win!
“all they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything.” katrinapierson stevehiltonx nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls, and the statement of no pressure put out by ukraine!
“the impeachment started before he even became president.” greggutfeld foxnews
where is the fake whistleblower?
republicans others must remember, the ukrainian president and foreign minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. also, they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid, and got the money with no conditions. but why isn’t germany, france (europe) paying?
the crazed, do nothing democrats are turning impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. that is very bad for our country, and not what the founders had in mind!!!!
tell jennifer williams, whoever that is, to read both transcripts of the presidential calls, see the just released ststement from ukraine. then she should meet with the other never trumpers, who i don’t know mostly never even heard of, work out a better presidential attack!
paul krugman of nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money. paul, just concede the game, say i was right, and lets start a brand new game! …
schiff is a corrupt politician! …
. stevescalise blew the nasty obnoxious chris wallace (will never be his father, mike!) away on chris’s lowest rated (unless i’m on) morning show. this kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the foxnews past. great job steve!
thanks eric! …
paul krugman has called me wrong from day one. people at the failing new york times are very angry at him for having “missed” by soooo much. paul, match over! …
i agree katrina, pam bondi is a great woman! …
the do nothing dems are now doing even less and soooo much work to be done!
joe ricketts, one of our country’s most successful businessmen, including being the owner of the chicago cubs, has just written a great new book, the harder you work, the luckier you get. so true! much can be learned from joe. go get the book!
a big difference! …
our great farmers will recieve another major round of “cash,” compliments of china tariffs, prior to thanksgiving. the smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. in the meantime, and as you may have noticed, china is starting to buy big again. japan deal done. enjoy!
. mariabartiromo has a great show going on right now, 10:00 a.m. fantastic guests talk about the fake impeachment! foxnews
mr. chairman, joe biden may be sleepy and very slow, but he is not a “rabid dog.” he is actually somewhat better than that, but i am the only one who can get you where you have to be. you should act quickly, get the deal done. see you soon! …
dowd never understood the pulse of the republican party, present or past. he’s just a 3rd rate hit job for fake news abc! …
a new republican star is born. great going elisestefanik! …
thank you pete. our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. i would not have done this for sgt. bergdahl or chelsea manning! …
visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing walter reed medical center. those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. also began phase one of my yearly physical. everything very good (great!). will complete next year.
true! …
congratulations kimberley. great book! …
“i mean, come on. the democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. the democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag trump’s name into the mud!” lisa booth foxandfriends thank you lisa!
“triggered,” a great book by my son, don. now number one on nytimes list. keep it there for a while!
....and taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the obama holdover days trying to undermine trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. it was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let trump do this!” rush l
“my support for donald trump has never been greater than it is right now. it is paramountly obvious watching this, these people have to go. you elected donald trump to drain the swamp, well, dismissing people like yovanovitch is what that looks like. dismissing people like kent..
dow hits 28,000 first time ever, highest ever! gee, pelosi schitt have a good idea, “lets impeach the president.” if something like that ever happened, it would lead to the biggest fall in market history. it’s called a depression, not a recession! so much for 401-k’s jobs!
louisiana, vote eddierispone today! he will be a great governor!
good morning louisiana! polls are open at 7am. get out and vote for eddierispone to be your next gov! he will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in country!) way down. loves our military vets. will protect your 2a. find your polling place below:
# newhoaxsameswam
thank you! maga kag …
....a double standard like never seen before in the history of our country?
so they now convict roger stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. well, what about crooked hillary, comey, strzok, page, mccabe, brennan, clapper, shifty schiff, ohr nellie, steele all of the others, including even mueller himself? didn’t they lie?....
stock market up big. new and historic record. job, jobs, jobs!
we have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost), and also, the democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our country!
another record stock market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, totally unfounded, witch hunt, a democrat party that would love to see a nice, big, juicy recession. in actuality, the potential for the united states is unlimited. we will power through the do nothing dems!
....they call it “serving at the pleasure of the president.” the u.s. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. it is called, quite simply, america first! with all of that, however, i have done far more for ukraine than o.
everywhere marie yovanovitch went turned bad. she started off in somalia, how did that go? then fast forward to ukraine, where the new ukrainian president spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. it is a u.s. president’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.
......filth pouring into the pacific ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting nothing done. she is a do nothing democrat as speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. approve usmca, which has been sitting on her desk for months!
the impeachment witch hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the president and foreign minister of ukraine. nervous nancy pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous disgusting slum she is making of her district in san francisco, where even the......
....ambassador sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” the fake impeachment inquiry is now dead!
democrats must apologize to usa: ukrainian foreign minister vadym prystaiko said that “united states ambassador gordon sondland did not link financial military assistance to a request for ukraine to open up an investigation into former v.p. joe biden his son, hunter biden.....
this saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of louisiana. if you want to defend your values, your jobs, and your freedom, then you need to replace radical liberal john bel edwards with a true louisiana patriot: eddierispone! geauxvot
getting ready to land in louisiana to do rally with great republican eddierispone for governor. he will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in country!) way down. loves our military vets. will protect your 2nd amendment. vote saturday!
....we send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
we continue to monitor the terrible events at saugus high school in santa clarita, california through our ongoing communications with local, state, and federal authorities....
where’s the fake whistleblower?
....that the house democrats have done since she’s become speaker, other than chase donald trump.” this impeachment hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our country!
....anywhere, so we’ve now had 3 years of the democrats chasing donald trump. nancy pelosi’s worried about the american voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. look at her own story in the house. what have they done? the average american can’t identify anything...
. danhenninger wsj: nancy pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the impeachment path. make it a voting issue. but no, the left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis impeachment. the hearings suggested it’s not going...
“that hearing was about a policy dispute.” robert ray. “regular people watching this cannot conclude that the president of the united states can be impeached.” varneyco
“neither one of the democrat star witnesses at the impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. that’s the result!” varneyco foxbusiness
walmart announces great numbers. no impact from tariffs (which are contributing $billions to our treasury). inflation low (do you hear that powell?)!
hit new stock market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with great potential for the future. usa is where the action is. companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
. asked the two “star” witnesses, “where is the impeachable event in that call?” both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, were unable to answer the question. that would be the end of a case run by normal people! but not shifty!
wow! was just told that my son’s book, “triggered,” is number one on the new york times bestseller list. congratulations don!
thank you franklingraham. it is a time of “shame” for our country. the democrats know what they are doing is wrong! …
read the transcript!
never trumpers!
....any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. ukraine got it’s money (3 weeks early), and there was no investigation.” charleshurt foxandfriends
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, impeachment, they’ve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the founders intended. when you hear schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they can’t specify that donald trump broke..
“nancy pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. she did not want to go down this road. she realizes this is a huge loser for democrats. the founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn’t envision this. you have these people taking...
the democrats have stacked the deck against president trump and the republicans. they have leaked out everything. stevedoocy foxandfriends
“millions of americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” rush limbaugh foxandfriends also, why is corrupt politician schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. did that lawyer ever work for me, which would be a conflict?
....to hurt donald trump and we, the people that support him. the left has never accepted the results of the 2016 election. they never saw this coming. this is not just about president trump. they hate everyone he is representing.” seanhannity foxnews sean the amazing warrior!
....this is a phony showtrial. there is zero due process, none. it is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. it is another witch hunt. this is what the socialist doemocrat party has become. there’s not one thing the democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
“the circus is coming to town. the corrupt, compromised, coward congenital liar adam schiff show on capital hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic democrats the top allies in the media mob. everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
“this ridiculous impeachment is a travesty, it’s not an inquiry. just read the transcript.” loudobbs
daca recipients with arrest records: 53,792! that is a very large proportion of the total. loudobbs not good, but we will be able to make a deal with the dems!
a total impeachment scam by the do nothing democrats! …
many of the people in daca, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” some are very tough, hardened criminals. president obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. if supreme court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with dems for them to stay!
economy is booming. seems set to have yet another record day!
i will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the ukrainian president before week’s end!
....ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from china, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. both bidens should be forced to testify in this no due process scam!
.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate sleepy joe biden even though, as president, i have an “obligation” to look into corruption, and biden’s actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his son’s taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a.....
why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are never trumpers, or whose lawyers are never trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the ukrainian president and see first hand? he and others also stated that there was.....
a great try by sean we are all proud of you!
“this isn’t about ukraine. this isn’t about impeachment. this is about subverting democracy!” billoreilly so true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our country!
....want that to be an impeachable offense? good luck with that!” jessebwatters foxnews
“the president has until september 30th to give this aid to ukraine. he gets it out on september 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. so, we give our ally aid, and joe biden is not investigated. remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. the democrats....
schiff and the dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. they’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. why should we listen to them? why should we want to?” greggutfeld foxnews
in order to continue being the most transparent president in history, i will be releasing sometime this week the transcript of the first, and therefore most important, phone call i had with the president of ukraine. i am sure you will find it tantalizing!
just like schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
schiff is giving republicans no witnesses, no lawyer no due process! it is a totally one sided witch hunt. this can’t be making the democrats look good. such a farce!
read the transcript. it is perfect!
to think i signed the whistleblower protection act! …
where is the whistleblower who gave so much false information? must testify along with schiff and others!
today, we come together as one nation to salute the veterans of the united states armed forces the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the earth. our veterans risked everything for us. now, it is our duty to serve and protect them every day of our lives
“the chinese say (about trump’s trade war tariffs), ‘he brought us to the table.’ this is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” jamie dimon on 60minutes thank you president trump the republican party!
shifty adam schiff will only release doctored transcripts. we haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. republicans should put out their own transcripts! schiff must testify as to why he made up a statement from me, and read it to all!
the lawyer for the whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big impeachment scam! it should be ended and the whistleblower, his lawyer and corrupt politician schiff should be investigared for fraud!
so with one rally by me at the end of the campaign, i lift the poll numbers of kentucky governor matt bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other republican in the commonwealth wins big, and the fake news blames me for a bad night! ok! by the way, mississippi won everything!
will be meeting with representatives of the vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the vaping and e-cigarette dilemma. children’s health safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!
happy veterans day!
a great new book just out, “the plot against the president. the true story of how congressman devin nunes uncovered the biggest political scandal in u.s. history.” shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. check it out
if iran is able to turn over to the u.s. kidnapped former fbi agent robert a. levinson, who has been missing in iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. at the same time, upon information belief, iran is, has been, enriching uranium. that would be a very bad step!
…
. nikkihaley is out with a new book, “with all due respect” this week. make sure you order your copy today, or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. good luck nikki! …
the call to the ukrainian president was perfect. read the transcript! there was nothing said that was in any way wrong. republicans, don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. no, it is much stronger than that. nothing was done wrong!
“there’s nothing there! i’m trying to let the house know that they’re dividing america for no good reason. we’ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs getting a trade deal with mexico and canada.” lindseygrahamsc the do nothing dems have gone crazy!
corrupt politician adam schiff wants people from the white house to testify in his and pelosi’s disgraceful witch hunt, yet he will not allow a white house lawyer, nor will he allow any of our requested witnesses. this is a first in due process and congressional history!
make america great again! …
such an amazing game place! …
“he is not a whistleblower. he is a deepstater. let the president do the job he was elected to do.” judgejeanine
such great people! …
great! …
thank you andrew. meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
thank you terrence! …
but the fake news will never show this. thank you! …
thank you to lsu and alabama for a great game!
totally! …
a terrible lie. how can she do such a thing? …
thank you lee and david! …
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! maga kag2020
....whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to whistleblower #1? seems to have disappeared after i released the transcript of the call. shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? witch hunt!
i recommend that nervous nancy pelosi (who backed up schiff’s lie), shifty adam schiff, sleepy joe biden, the whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after i released the transcript of the call), the 2nd whistleblower (who also disappeared), the i.g., be part of the list!
presidential harassment!
but the witch hunt continues. after 3 years of relentless attacks against the republican party me, the do nothing dems are losers for america! …
bringing the word “nationalism” back into the mainstream great job by rich lowry! very important book. …
just finished reading my son donald’s just out new book, “triggered.” it is really good! he, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. but we all fight back, and we always win!
we will win big! …
true! …
good luck vince, this will be great! …
fake news is reporting that i am talking to mark burnett about doing a big show, perhaps the apprentice, after the presidency, which i would assume they mean in 5 years. this is not true, never had such a conversation, don’t even have time to think about it. false reporting!
“mark levin blasts adam schiff, claims 'the law is on the president's side' on ukraine” …
i will be announcing the winners of the magachallenge and inviting them to the whitehouse to meet with me and perform. good luck! …
statement from president donald j. trum
stock market up big today. a new record. enjoy!
the radical left dems and lamestream media are just trying to make it hard for republicans and me to win in 2020. the new impeachment hoax is already turning against them!
the amazon washington post and three lowlife reporters, matt zapotosky, josh dawsey, and carol leonnig, wrote another fake news story, without any sources (pure fiction), about bill barr myself. we both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. a garbage newspaper!
thank you! mag
it was just explained to me that for next weeks fake hearing (trial) in the house, as they interview never trumpers and others, i get no lawyer no due process. it is a pelosi, schiff, scam against the republican party and me. this witch hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
“what did hunter biden do for the money?” senjohnkennedy a very good question. he and sleepy joe must testify!
based on the information released last night about the fake whistleblowers attorney, the impeachment hoax should be ended immediately! there is no case, except against the other side!
read the transcript!
the degenerate washington post made up the story about me asking bill barr to hold a news conference. never happened, and there were no sources!
bill barr did not decline my request to talk about ukraine. the story was a fake washington post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. just read the transcript. the justice department already ruled that the call was good. we don’t have freedom of the press!
just returned to the whitehouse after a great evening in monroe, louisiana with a massive turnout of great american patriots. with early voting underway until sat, find your polling location below go vote for your next lagov, eddierispone! geauxvote
....the lamestream media, which is the enemy of the people, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
the story in the amazon washington post, of course up by fake news cnn, saying “president trump asked for ag barr to host a news conference clearing him on ukraine,” is totally untrue and just another fake news story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
years ago, when media was legitimate, people known as “fact checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. nowadays they don’t use “fact checkers” anymore, they just write whatever they want!
louisiana! early voting is underway until saturday, it’s time to get out and vote to replace radical liberal democrat john bel edwards with a great new republican governor, eddierispone! geauxvote poll finder:
…
a great evening last night in kentucky and mississippi for the republican party with 13 big wins, including a governorship in mississippi. congratulations to everyone
thanks to many of you here today, my administration and republicans in congress have now confirmed 157 federal judges who will uphold our constitution as written, a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement! …
....also talked about their border with syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the kurds, and many other t look forward to seeing president erdogan next wednesday, november 13th at the whitehouse!
just had a very good call with president rterdogan of turkey. he informed me that they have captured numerous isis fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al baghdadi….
just had a meeting with top representatives from egypt, ethiopia, and sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the grand ethiopian renaissance dam, one of the largest in the world, currently being built. the meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day
stock markets (all three) hit another all time historic high yesterday! you are sooo lucky to have me as your president (just kidding!). spend your money well!
thank you to kurt volker, u.s. envoy to ukraine, who said in his congressional testimony, just released, “you asked what conversations did i have about that quid pro quo, et cetra. none, because i didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.” witch hunt!
“based on the things i’ve seen, the democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. i don’t think there are, or will be, well founded articles of impeachment here.” robert wray, respected former prosecutor. it is a phony scam by the do nothing dems! foxandfriends
based on the kentucky results, mitch mcconnell senatemajldr will win big in kentucky next year!
great going tate! …
our big kentucky rally on monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. the increase in governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! will be in louisiana for eddierispone on wednesday night. big rally!
a lot of winning in kentucky. check out the numbers. …
congratulations to tatereeves on winning governor of the great state of mississippi. our big rally on friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big win. great reaction under pressure tate!
# electionnight won 5 out of 6 elections in kentucky, including 5 great candidates that i spoke for and introduced last night. mattbevin up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough (fake news will blame trump!). winning in mississippi governor race!
great going daniel, proud of you! …
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you
kentucky! kygov get out today and vote for mattbevin and the entire republican ticket! mississippi! msgov get out today and vote for tatereeves and the entire republican ticket! polls are open for a few more hours, find your location below!
thank you so much club 45. you are truly great americans. see you in florida
kentucky! get out today and vote for mattbevin and the entire republican ticket! mississippi! get out today and vote for tatereeves and the entire republican ticket! voteonnov5 electionday find your polling location below!
a very good start! please all work hard to get a final deal. …
so sad to see what is happening in new york where governor cuomo mayor deblasio are letting out 900 criminals, some hardened bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. the radical left dems are killing our cities. nypd commissioner is resigning!
find your polling location here!
this is the time for mexico, with the help of the united states, to wage war on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. we merely await a call from your great new president!
....monsters, the united states stands ready, willing able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. the great new president of mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
a wonderful family and friends from utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great american people killed, including young children, and some missing. if mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
“the impeachment hoax has fired up voters in kentucky, mississippi and louisiana.” foxandfriends
fantastic being in the great state of kentucky last night. vote for matt bevin now! mattbevin one of best governors in u.s. he will never let you down!
the do nothing dems have gone radical left crazy. the can’t get anything done! …
virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work i brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote republican today. i know the dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. vote republican today!
vote for sean on dancing with the stars. he is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! maga …
my son, donaldjtrumpjr is coming out with a new book, “triggered: how the left thrives on hate and wants to silence us” available tomorrow, november 5th! a great new book that i highly recommend for all to read. go order it today!
all-time high for stock market and all the fake news wants to talk about is the impeachment hoax!
read the transcript!
big rally in kentucky tonight for a man who has worked really hard done a great job, gov mattbevin. kentucky is having the best economic year ever under matt’s leadership. he is a fantastic guy who loves our military, our vets and our 2a. vote tuesday! …
....i don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. please advise his clients and administration officials accordingly.
many people say they know me, claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc., when i don’t know these people at all. this happens, i suppose, to all who become president. with that being stated, i don’t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named michael esposito.....
stock market hits record high. spend your money well!
“there is no whistleblower. there is someone with an agenda against donald trump. what he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. we have the transcript of the call. this is all a farce and no republican should forget that.” dbongino foxandfriends
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
the whistleblower gave false information dealt with corrupt politician schiff. he must be brought forward to testify. written answers not acceptable! where is the 2nd whistleblower? he disappeared after i released the transcript. does he even exist? where is the informant? con!
what i said on the phone call with the ukrainian president is “perfectly” stated. there is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. this is just another democrat hoax that i have had to live with from the day i got elected (and before!). disgraceful!
mark levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need never trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. it is plainly and very well stated for all to see. witch hunt
great! but how do you know it was a “mistweet?” may be something with deep meaning! …
louisiana, get out and vote early for eddierispone as your next governor. lower taxes and car insurance. will protect your 2nd amendment. john bel edwards is always fighting our maga agenda. wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. vote for republican eddie r!
great republican geary higgins has my complete and total endorsement for virginia senate, 13th district. he is strong on crime, the border, our military, cutting taxes, and protecting your 2nd amendment. dem john bell will take your guns raise your taxes. vote for geary higgins
@ marklevinshow mark levin: “we ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. we have the call, i don’t know what we need witnesses for? can’t we read english? do i need a whistleblower to tell me what i’m reading? do i need a lt. c. to tell me? no.” so plain and simple!
good point! …
we won’t steve! …
don’t miss this show! …
false stories are being reported that a few republican senators are saying that president trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesn’t matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with schiff’s manipulated propaganda. house republicans must have nothing to do with shifty’s rendition of those interviews. he is a proven liar, leaker freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
if shifty adam schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what i said on the “call,” is allowed to release transcripts of the never trumpers others that are were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the dems purposes. republicans...
virginia has the best unemployment and economic numbers in the history of the state. if the democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. on tuesday, vote republican!
i hope everyone in the great state of virginia will get out and vote on tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to d.c. that you want lower taxes, a strong military, border 2nd amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our vets. vote republican
the fake news media is working hard so that information about the whistleblower’s identity, which may be very bad for them and their democrat partners, never reaches the public.
the democrats are fixers, and they are working overtime to fix the impeachment “process” in order to hurt the republican party and me. nancy pelosi should instead fix her broken district and corrupt adam should clean up manage the california forests which are always burning!
fake news! …
the angry majority!
many people listened to my phone call with the ukrainian president while it was being made. i never heard any complaints. the reason is that it was totally appropriate, i say perfect. republicans have never been more unified, and my republican approval rating is now 95%!
....and federal contractor spies stories. the finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a roadmap like that which was produced by you. oann should be very proud of this great work. i wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. keep it up!
thank you to oann for the absolutely incredible special report narrated by pearsonsharp. seldom do the american people get to see journalistic work of this quality. now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your smears, spies and lies....
“morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the trump call.” oann
....matt has been a great governor. kentucky (i love you!), please be sure to vote for matt bevin on tuesday. matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to nancy pelosi and the radical left democrats. see you on monday night, vote tuesday!!!
walking into madison square garden last night with danawhite for the big ufc championship fight was a little bit like walking into a trump rally. plenty of maga kag present. great energy. fantastic job dana! heading to d.c. and then to kentucky for a big mattbevin rally...
great fight champ! …
the whistleblower got it sooo wrong that he must come forward. the fake news media knows who he is but, being an arm of the democrat party, don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay. reveal the whistleblower and end the impeachment hoax!
....putting these massive, and many, fires out. great firefighters! also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the north. don’t pour it out into the pacific ocean. should be done immediately. california desperately needs water, and you can have it now!
..every year, as the fire’s rage california burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the federal government for $$$ help. no more. get your act together governor. you don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...but our teams are working well together in.....
the governor of california, gavinnewsom, has done a terrible job of forest management. i told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, demand of him. must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....
didn’t he pick the whistleblower? …
a giant scam! …
schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. he is a corrupt politician! …
the whistleblower has disappeared. where is the whistleblower?
big rally in kentucky on monday night for a man who has worked really hard done a great job, governor mattbevin. kentucky is having the best economic year ever under matt’s leadership. he is a fantastic guy who loves our military, our vets and our 2nd amendment. vote tuesday!
louisiana has a chance to have a really great governor in eddierispone. auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with eddie, and your 2nd amendment will be protected. current democrat governor has done a really poor job! vote early for eddie!
tate reeves will be a great governor of mississippi, and what an electric rally last night. vote for tate on tuesday! …
a great new book by howie carr, “what really happened, how donald j. trump saved america from hillary clinton,” is on sale now. howie is a talented new england force who was there at the very beginning!
the whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the ukrainian president was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). why did the whistleblower deal with corrupt politician shifty adam schiff and/or his committee?
you can’t impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
oh no, beto just dropped out of race for president despite him saying he was “born for this.” i don’t think so!
republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! the dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of nervous nancy pelosi and shifty adam schiff!
.....with a president and federal government that wants our wonerful city and state to flourish and thrive. i love new york!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a mayor and governor just don’t “have their backs.” new york’s finest must be cherished, respected and loved. too many prople are leaving our special new york. great leaders would work....
....in new york, and another reason they are leaving. taxes and energy costs are way too high, upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack drill for gold (oil) while reducing taxes creating jobs by the thousands. nyc is getting dirty unsafe again, as....
i love new york, but new york can never be great again under the current leadership of governor andrew cuomo (the brother of fredo), or mayor bill deblasio. cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some don’t want to be...
stock market up big! record highs for s&p 500 and nasdaq. enjoy!
....our republican candidate eddierispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your second amendment. get out and vote for eddie, the next governor of the great state of louisiana!
louisiana! extreme democrat john bel edwards has sided with nancy pelosi and chuck schumer to support sanctuary cities, high taxes, and open borders. he is crushing louisiana’s economy and your second amendment rights....
.... foxnews billhemmer the public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. corrupt politicians, pelosi and schiff, are trying to take down the republican party. it will never happen, we will take back the house!
“adam schiff has taken all of the power for himself. that is very unfair. there were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). facts matter, and that’s why this is not about impeachment.” guy lewis, former prosecutor...
isis has a new leader. we know exactly who he is!
“the democrats need more than this.” tombrokaw much more!
“the democrats are so immersed in this (scam). they couldn’t care less about the american people!” rushlimbaugheib
wow, a blowout jobs number just out, adjusted for revisions and the general motors strike, 303,000. this is far greater than expectations. usa rocks!
chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current superintendent of police. it just won’t happen! thank you to kevin graham and all of the great chicago police officers i just had the privilege to meet. tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
“this is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the democrat party that has highjacked the impeachment process, our tax dollars, the house of representatives, to push their 2020 election. that’s what’s going on.” marklevinshow cannot be said any better!
“it has been 3 years and donald trump hasn’t done anything wrong. donald trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” rushlimbaugheib seanhannity a witch hunt like no other!
thanks lee! …
but the crooked democrats don’t want people to know this! thank you to tim morrison for your honesty. …
a great place! …
thank you! …
....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. as president, i will always be there to help new york and the great people of new york. it will always have a special place in my heart!
....new york, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that i pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, i have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. few have been treated worse. i hated having to make....
1600 pennsylvania avenue, the white house, is the place i have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we make america great again, but my family and i will be making palm beach, florida, our permanent residence. i cherish new york, and the people of.....
the home of nancy pelosi. i can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the do nothing democrats are doing! san francisco has really gone down hill. so sad! …
while the do nothing democrats fail the american people, and continue the impeachment scam, my administration will continue to deliver real results, as seen over the past month, below
the greatest witch hunt in american history!
the impeachment hoax is hurting our stock market. the do nothing democrats don’t care!
....our manufacturers. we should have lower interest rates than germany, japan and all others. we are now, by far, the biggest and strongest country, but the fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. china is not our problem, the federal reserve is! we will win anyway.
people are very disappointed in jay powell and the federal reserve. the fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. they even tightened in the beginning. others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. dollar rates are hurting...
read the transcript!
china and the usa are working on selecting a new site for signing of phase one of trade agreement, about 60% of total deal, after apec in chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. the new location will be announced soon. president xi and president trump will do signing!
congratulations to foxnews, you left cnn @ msnbc in the dust (that’s because the don’t tell the truth!). …
thank you matt. …
.....to any president, of either party, again. laura ingrahamangle
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the house. the crisis is of the democrats own making, and it’s up to republicans to make sure this never happens....
.....the dems have selectively leaked. nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the president. remember, the president knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, don’t you think? this farce should....
“now is the time for republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. it would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that.....
congratulations to the washington nationals on a great season and an incredible world series. game 7 was amazing! nationals
thank you daily wire. very cute recreation, but the “live” version of conan will be leaving the middle east for the white house sometime next week! …
the do nothing democrats have gone crazy. very bad for usa! …
"the democrats have been on this path for 3 years. the first headline i saw...before the president was sworn in was that the impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning." senatemajld
thank you glfop! …
“adam schiff’s drive to impeach trump based on opinions, deception and illusions not facts” greggjarrett …
we will be having a big rally for governor mattbevin on monday night in kentucky. get your tickets today! …
....your current governor, john bel edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes big vote for eddie starting saturday!
early voting in louisiana for a man who will be a great governor, eddierispone, on saturday, november 2nd. he will get your auto insurance and taxes way down. he will protect your military, vets, second amendment and energy....
american hero
thank you gm, fiatchrysler_na, toyota, and globlautomkrs for standing with us for better, cheaper, safer cars for americans. california has treated the auto industry very poorly for many years, harming workers and consumers. we are fixing this problem! …
...our military, 2nd amendment, energy, and so many other things that the democrats don’t care about. please stop the dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!
my friend mike govdunleavy of the great state of alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. now they are trying to recall him because his agenda is the economy, jobs, and protecting...
....the united states military. congress needs to do its work. we need to fund our armed forces.” senatemajldr mitch mcconnell. the dems are a lost cause. in 2020, we need a big, beautiful win (all three)! maga
“our country cannot afford for the democrats in congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over impeachment. isis other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because democrats won’t fund......
“precisely the same program that the democrats are trying to impeach president trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the senate, they (the dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” senatemajldr mitch mcconnell. do nothing democrats!
yesterday’s never trumper witness could find no quid pro quo in the transcript of the phone call. there were many people listening to the call. how come they (including the president of ukraine) found nothing wrong with it. witch hunt!
a federal judge is allowing the nick sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting washington post (which is no longer available at the white house!). he could now have a good chance of winning. go nick!
“it does appear it has to do with nancy pelosi retaining her speakership in the next congress. she would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” stevedoocy foxandfriends a disgraceful use of impeachment. will backfire!
the greatest economy in american history!
.....the call with the ukrainian president was a totally appropriate one. as he said, “no pressure.” this impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the witch hunt hoax, which has been going on since before i even got elected. rupublicans, go with substance and close it out!
republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the impeachment hoax with the do nothing democrats, and now are starting to go after the substance even more than the very infair process because just a casual reading of the transcript leads everybody to see that.....
nervous nancy pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the republican party. our polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. the do nothing dems will lose many seats in 2020. they have a death wish, led by a corrupt politician, adam schiff!
“over in europe and japan they have negative rates. they get paid to borrow money. don’t we have to follow our competitors?” varneyco yes we do. the fed doesn’t have a clue! we have unlimited potential, only held back by the federal reserve. but we are winning anyway!
consumer confidence number very good. housing sales in september up nicely. economy rocks!
a great new book just out, “the plot against the president. the true story of how congressman devin nunez uncovered the biggest political scandal in u.s. history.” shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. check it out!
just confirmed that abu bakr al-baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by american troops. most likely would have taken the top spot now he is also dead!
95% approval rating in the republican party, a record. thank you!
supposedly, according to the corrupt media, the ukraine call “concerned” today’s never trumper witness. was he on the same call that i was? can’t be possible! please ask him to read the transcript of the call. witch hunt!
how many more never trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is read the transcript! i knew people were listening in on the call (why would i say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?
the do nothing democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the best economy ever, the monumental weekend raid, tax cuts, the rebuilding of our military, etc. the impeachment hoax is a disgrace. read the transcript!
where’s the whistleblower? just read the transcript, everything else is made up garbage by shifty schiff and the never trumpers!
a great book by a great guy. get it now! …
correct, a total scam! …
why are people that i never even heard of testifying about the call. just read the call transcript and the impeachment hoax is over! ukrain said no pressure. …
“this is a big win for america, and also for president trump.” nypost
the only crimes in the impeachment hoax were committed by shifty adam schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the ukrainian president and read it to congress, together with numerous others on shifty’s side. schiff should be impeached, and worse!
“there is no underlying crime in that transcript.” ingrahamangle 100% correct, and the whistleblower disappeared after i released the transcript of the call. where is the whistleblower? that is why this is now called the impeachment hoax! the do nothing dems are doing nothing!
“americans know by now that the impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the president from office.” j.j. crovatto don’t worry j.j., schiff is a leaker corrupt politician who made up what i said on the call in order to hurt the republican party me!
can you believe that shifty adam schiff, the biggest leaker in d.c., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the world!? wouldn’t be surprised if the do nothing democrats impeach me over that! drain the swamp!!
we have declassified a of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a great job in capturing and killing the leader of isis, abu bakr al-baghdadi
an amazing champion. great going tiger! tigerwoods …
thank you iacp2019! …
the s&p just hit an all time high. this is a big win for jobs, 401-k’s, and, frankly, everyone! our country is doing great. even killed long sought isis murderer, al-baghdadi. we are stronger than ever before, with great upward potential. enjoy!
thank you to martharaddatz and terrymoran for a job well done
…
as diwali commences, flotus melania and i wish those observing the festival of lights a blessed and happy celebration! happydiwal
something very big has just happened!
....matt has my complete and total endorsement, and always has. get out and vote on november 5th for your great governor, mattbevin!
governor mattbevin has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky! he continues to protect your very important second amendment. matt is strong on crime and the border, he loves our great vets and military....
....he loves our military and supports our vets! democrat jim hood will never give us his vote, is anti-trump and pro-crooked hillary. get out and vote for tate reeves on november 5th. he has my complete and total endorsement!
mississippi! there is a very important election for governor on november 5th. i need you to get out and vote for our great republican nominee, tatereeves. tate is strong on crime, tough on illegal immigration, and will protect your second amendment....
....our republican candidate eddierispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your second amendment. get out and vote for eddie, the next governor of the great state of louisiana!
louisiana! extreme democrat john bel edwards has sided with nancy pelosi and chuck schumer to support sanctuary cities, high taxes, and open borders. he is crushing louisiana’s economy and your second amendment rights....
where’s the whistleblower?
the fake washington post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that i am concerned with the impeachment scam. i am not because i did nothing wrong. it is the other side, including schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. witch hunt continues!
my administration is fighting hard to end the opioid crisis. join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great country. find a location today from 10am-2pm at . takebackda
....
....greatly help the african american community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. this and best unemployment numbers ever is more than kamala will ever be able to do for african americans!
badly failing presidential candidate kamalaharris will not go to a very wonderful largely african american event today because yesterday i recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce sign into law major criminal justice reform legislation, which will..
the ukraine investigation is just as corrupt and fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. even shifty schiff got caught cheating when he made up what i said on the call!
....we should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the pacific ocean and water supply. pelosi must work on this mess and turn her district around!
i can’t believe that nancy pelosi’s district in san francisco is in such horrible shape that the city itself is in violation of many sanitary environmental orders, causing it to owe the federal government billions of dollars and all she works on is impeachment.....
“not a single american citizen has been charged with anything related to russian collusion, not one person.” tuckercarlson it was all an illegal witch hunt!
had a beautiful dinner last night at camp david in celebration of the 10th wedding anniversary of ivanka and jared. attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. camp david is a special place. cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
...thank you foxandfriends! hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. you will never learn this from the corrupt lamestream media who get pulitzer prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. the ones who report it right get only respect!
..the president when flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. the doj is withholding a lot of evidence information, as are clapper brennan all of the people who participated in the complete setup of michael flynn.”(terrible!) sidney powell. this is a disgrace!
....they exonerated him completely of being an agent of russia (recently crooked hillary charged tulsi gabbard jill stein with the same thing-sick), and yet mr. comey still runs to the white house on february 14 and conjures up the obstruction of justice narrative against.....
“general michael flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that fbi agents manipulated records against him. they say that james clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at flynn. this has been a complete setup of michael flynn....
my administration is fighting hard to end the opioid crisis. join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great country. find a location tomorrow, october 26th from 10am-2pm at . takebackda
great book! …
wow! …
my lawyers should sue the democrats and shifty adam schiff for fraud!
....the entire impeachment scam was based on my perfect ukrainian call, and the whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). once i released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. the democrats must end this scam now. witch hunt!
democrats just announced that they no longer want the whistleblower to testify. but everything was about the whistleblower (they no longer want the second whistleblower either), which they don’t want because the account of my call bore no relationship to the call itself.....
to tim: the button on the iphone was far better than the swipe!
....in the basement of the united states capitol! they cannot win at the ballot box. their sham for the past 3 years continues. the good news is that the american people get it, which will be proven once again on november 3, 2020!
i appreciate the support of senator lindseygraham, senatemajldr mitch mcconnell, and their great senate republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the do nothing democrats for their witch hunt impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors....
it was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 second step presidential justice forum hosted by the 20/20 bipartisan justice center in south carolina, and my true honor to receive the bipartisan justice award, thank you! …
thank you robertjeffress! …
heading to south carolina
“donald j. trump is an absolutely historic president already, in less than 3 years in office. his record is there for everyone to look at to examine and compare. this is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a president, not a formal impeachment inquiry.” loudobbs thank you lou
....coming home! we were supposed to be there for 30 days that was 10 years ago. when these pundit fools who have called the middle east wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, i simply say, the oil, and we are bringing our soldiers back home, isis secured!
....usa has gained trillions of dollars in wealth since november 2016. all others way down. our power is economic before having to use our newly rebuilt military, a much better alternative. oil is secured. our soldiers have left and are leaving syria for other places, then....
turkey fully understands not to fire on the kurds as they leave what will be known as the safe zone for other fairly nearby areas. i don’t have to repeat that large scale sanctions will be imposed for violations. going well! isis secured by kurds with turkey ready as backup.....
so congressman tim ryan of ohio has finally dropped out of the race for president, registering zero in the polls unable to even qualify for the debate stage. see tim, it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. he wasn’t effective for usa workers, just talk!
another big dropout of the presidential race was, along with 0% tim ryan, 0% repswalwell. such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. they stood for nothing, and the voters couldn’t stand by them. obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
where is the whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the ukrainian president? why did the ig allow this to happen? who is the so-called informant (schiff?) who was so inaccurate? a giant scam!
i really enjoyed my conversation with general mazloumabdi. he appreciates what we have done, and i appreciate what the kurds have done. perhaps it is time for the kurds to start heading to the oil region!
the oil fields discussed in my speech on turkey/kurds yesterday were held by isis until the united states took them over with the help of the kurds. we will never let a reconstituted isis have those fields!
thank you to house republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest witch hunt in american history. it has been going on since long before i even got elected (the insurance policy!). a total scam!
the federal reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the rate and even, ideally, stimulate. take a look around the world at our competitors. germany and others are actually getting paid to borrow money. fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!
don’t hurt them please! …
it is the only thing the do nothing dems are doing! …
just a continuation of the witch hunt! …
(kiddingly) we’re building a wall in colorado”(then stated, “we’re not building a wall in kansas but they get the benefit of the wall we’re building on the border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from colorado kansas, getting the benefit of the border wall!
promises made, promises kept! shaleinsight201
it was wonderful to be back in pittsburgh, pennsylvania with the incredible patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our hearts with true american pride! shaleinsight2019 …
it would be really great if the people within the trump administration, all well-meaning and good (i hope!), could stop hiring never trumpers, who are worse than the do nothing democrats. nothing good will ever come from them!
....does anybody think this is fair? even though there was no quid pro quo, i’m sure they would like to try. worse than the dems!
never trumper republican john bellinger, represents never trumper diplomat bill taylor (who i don’t know), in testimony before congress! do nothing democrats allow republicans zero representation, zero due process, and zero transparency....
the never trumper republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our country than the do nothing democrats. watch out for them, they are human scum!
thank you general mazloum for your kind words and courage. please extend my warmest regards to the kurdish people. i look forward to seeing you soon. mustefabali
…
where’s the whistleblower?
big success on the turkey/syria border. safe zone created! ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. captured isis prisoners secured. i will be making a statement at 11:00 a.m. from the white house. thank you!
....feel empowered. there’s a movement happening on these campuses like i’ve never seen before. when you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in, that’s pretty remarkable!” charliekirk11 turning point usa keep america great!
....order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the first amendment rights of its students will lose federal funding. we have seen a huge change in how the universities interact with us as a national local student organization. our studends....
young campus conservatives are flocking to turning point usa other conservative speaker events all over the country, and in record numbers. thousands of students are turning out. “i just want to compliment the president of the united states for signing that historic executive..
republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the house because of what the do nothing democrats have done to our country!
neither he (taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. you can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” congressman john ratcliffe foxandfriends where is the whistleblower? the do nothing dems case is dead!
it never ends. the do nothing dems are terrible! …
thank you steve! …
the democrats scam goes on and on! they do nothing! …
the witch hunt continues! …
the do nothing dems have nothing but time! …
wrong, never even discussed this with kellyanne conway or steve mnuchin. just more fake news! …
good news seems to be happening with respect to turkey, syria and the middle east. further reports to come later!
great job tim! …
“the democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. donald trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 election.” mzhemingway foxandfriends
can’t believe that nervous nancy pelosi isn’t moving faster on usmca. her people want it, they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. taking too long!
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you!
thank you republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “us” last night. really good!
so some day, if a democrat becomes president and the republicans win the house, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the president, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. all republicans must remember what they are witnessing here a lynching. but we will win!
.... kilmeade “i want to know about hillary clinton with the dossier? i want to know if there was fisa abuse? we’re still waiting for that report!” ainsleyearhardt foxandfriends
...a majority do not want him impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for president trump want him to continue as president. that’s squarely in his corner.” stevedoocy “that’s a revealing poll, don’t you think that matters?”...
“i thought a very revealing poll was done by the new york times. by about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the president, and if nancy pelosi doesn’t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.” kilmeade foxandfriends
“the ambassador to the european union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. he said the president had told him that.” kilmeade foxandfriends
congratulations to justintrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. canada is well served. i look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
thank you liz. shows great republican support! …
thank you dan and kevin. great vote! …
will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 p.m. on foxnews. enjoy!
doral in miami would have been the best place to hold the g-7, and free, but too much heat from the do nothing radical left democrats their partner, the fake news media! i’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 plus presidential salary! we’ll find someplace else!
censure (at least) corrupt adam schiff! after what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening dems?
great new book by wonderful and very street smart author dan bongino, exonerated, the failed takedown of president donald trump by the swamp. dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest witch hunt in political history. nevertheless, the scam continues!
a great democrat scam! …
adam schiff is a corrupt politician! …
congratulations barbara! …
“to the democrats, impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” stevehiltonx foxnews
so interesting that, when i announced trump national doral in miami would be used for the hosting of the g-7, and then rescinded due to do nothing democrat/fake news anger, very few in media mentioned that no profits would be taken, or would be given free, if legally permissible!
....fiction to congress and the american people? i demand his deposition. he is a fraud, just like the russia hoax was, and the ukraine hoax is now. when do the do nothing democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our country, when do the republicans finally fight back?
....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. was it a corrupt adam schiff con? why didn’t the ig see this? when do we depose shifty schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
this scam going on right now by the democrats against the republican party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call i had with the ukrainian president. he’s already stated, no pressure! where is the whistleblower, or the 2nd whistleblower, or the “informant?” all gone.....
pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including corrupt adam schiff, to jordan to check out syria. she should find out why obama drew the red line in the sand, then did nothing, losing syria all respect. i did something, 58 missiles. one million died under obama’s mistake!
“the ceasefire is holding up very nicely. there are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. new areas being resettled with kurds. u.s. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. we have secured the oil.” mark esper, secretary of defense. ending endless wars!
the wall is making a very big difference. even dems in area are happy! …
so now crooked hillary is at it again! she is calling congresswoman tulsi gabbard “a russian favorite,” and jill stein “a russian asset.” as you may have heard, i was called a big russia lover also (actually, i do like russian people. i like all people!). hillary’s gone crazy!
never give up. we are doing great! we are winning! …
....therefore, based on both media democrat crazed and irrational hostility, we will no longer consider trump national doral, miami, as the host site for the g-7 in 2020. we will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of camp david, immediately. thank you!
.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. would set up better than other alternatives. i announced that i would be willing to do it at no profit or, if legally permissible, at zero cost to the usa. but, as usual, the hostile media their democrat partners went crazy!
i thought i was doing something very good for our country by using trump national doral, in miami, for hosting the g-7 leaders. it is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to miami international airport, has tremendous ballrooms meeting rooms, and each delegation would have...
“the president never told me to withhold any money until the ukrainians did anything related to the server. the only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about lack of support from other nations and concerns over corruption.” yesterday’s mick mulvaney statement
see you there! …
…
crooked hillary clinton just called the respected environmentalist and green party candidate, jill stein, a “russian asset.” they need a green party more than ever after looking at the democrats disastrous environmental program!
it is only about this! …
just another fake suppression poll, this time from foxnews, of course! …
. repmcclintock thank you tom. great interview on teamcavuto! foxnews
a great book by kimberley strassel! …
“i don’t see anything that constitutes an impeachable offense nothing here rises to the level of impeachment. the democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” kenn starr, former special prosecutor
thank you very much. working hard! …
i agree! …
texas is great! …
there has never been a greater fraud on congress. shifty schiff is corrupt. go andy! …
such a disgrace that the do nothing democrats are doing just as their name suggests, doing nothing! usmca anyone?
# stopthecoup
susan rice, who was a disaster to president obama as national security advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in syria. remember red line in the sand? that was obama. millions killed! no thanks susan, you were a disaster.
pelosi and impeachment there have already been 3 votes, and they’ve all failed miserably. here’s why there may not be a fourth 137 democrats voted against on the last vote.” jasonchaffetz seanhannity many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
congressman michael mccaul, “schiff’s inquiry defies democracy.” foxnews seanhannity
“because the house has already voted against the impeachment proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. the current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. it needs to end.” jasonchaffetz seanhannity corrupt adam schiff
corrupt congressman adam schiff is angry that ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent witch hunt, are turning out to be good for me some really good! he’s got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. a very dishonest sleazebag!
republicans must stick together and fight
think of how many lives we saved in syria and turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!
....he is also my friend! at the same time, i am pleased to nominate deputy secretary dan brouillette to be the new secretary of energy. dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. a total professional, i have no doubt that dan will do a great job!
i want to thank secretary of energy rick perry for the outstanding job he has done. he will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. rick was a great governor of texas and a great secretary of energy....
can you believe i am doing this important work for our country, and have to deal with corrupt adam schiff and the do nothing democrats at the same time? it was not intended to be this way for a president!
defeat terrorism! …
....i have just been notified that some european nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the isis fighters that came from their nations. this is good news, but should have been done after we captured them. anyway, big progress being made!!!!
.....this thinking years ago. instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, in an artificial manner. there is good will on both sides a really good chance for success. the u.s. has secured the oil, the isis fighters are double secured by kurds turkey....
just spoke to president rterdogan of turkey. he told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. he very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. likewise, the kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. too bad there wasn’t.....
the usa! …
democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. the republican party is the party of the american worker, the american family, and the american dream! kag202
tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the democrat party, the fake news media, and the rogue bureaucrats of the deep state. the only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on november 3, 2020! kag202
the radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the american people. they are coming after me, because i am fighting for you! trumprallydallas kag202
thank you dallas, texas i love you! trumprallydallas kag2020 …
just arrived at the american airlines center in dallas, texas. will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! trump202
see you soon dallas, texas
this is a great day for civilization. i am proud of the united states for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. people have been trying to make this “deal” for many years. millions of lives will be saved. congratulations to all!
this deal could never have been made 3 days ago. there needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. great for everybody. proud of all!
great news out of turkey. news conference shortly with vp and secpompeo. thank you to rterdogan. millions of lives will be saved!
this number, based on the economy how well our country is doing, would potentially be 75% if not for the fake news phony witch hunt. 95% approval rating in the republican party! …
as the witch hunt continues! …
the greatest witch hunt in american history! …
my warmest condolences to the family and many friends of congressman elijah cummings. i got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. his work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!
this is the real story. thank you jim! …
i am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops bring them home from the ridiculous costly endless wars, and be scorned. democrats always liked that position, until i took it. democrats always liked walls, until i built them. do you see what’s happening here?
“about 500,000 human beings were killed in syria while barack obama was president leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” bucksexton
hope all house republicans, and honest house democrats, will vote to censure rep. adam schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the ukraine president and u.s. president, me. most have never seen such a thing!
years of bad government, such a sorry thing to see
“what has happened here with the anthony wiener laptop, the server, all of the emails between huma abedin and hillary clinton, the deleted clinton emails what is going on?” loudobbs joe d victoria t!
thank you you dallas, texas. see you tomorrow night at the american airlines center! trump202
“this president is the most patriotic president i’ve seen in many years. he is going to do what is good for americans.” congressman brian babin, texas. thank you brian!
nancy pelosi needs help fast! there is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our great country. she had a total meltdown in the white house today. it was very sad to watch. pray for her, she is a very sick person!
the do nothing democrats, pelosi and schumer stormed out of the cabinet room
nervous nancy's unhinged meltdown
do you think they like me
i’m fighting for the american people, but the democrats’ sole focus is fighting against me with their fraudulent witch hunt. go to and tell democrats in congress that enough is enough!
fake news
thank you, working hard
guatemala, honduras el salvador have all signed historic asylum cooperation agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. to further accelerate this progress, the u.s. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement security.
senator rand paul just wrote a great book, “the case against socialism” which is now out. highly recommended as america was founded on liberty independence not government coercion, domination control. we were born free, and will stay free, as long as i am your president!
republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this impeachment witch hunt. no lawyers, no questions, no transparency! the good news is that the radical left dems have no case. it is all based on their fraud and fabrication!
our record economy would crash, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became president!
95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! just won two congressional seats in north carolina, a governors runoff in louisiana, which republicans should now win! because of impeachment fraud, we will easily take back the house, add in the senate, again win pres!
“what is happening to president trump with impeachment is a constitutional travesty.” grahamledger the likes of which we have never seen before. it is adam schiff and nancy pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
you would think there is no way that any of the democrat candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become president of the united states. now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal absurd impeachment of one of the most successful presidents!
we now have the greatest economy in history! …
a great group of champions! …
looks good to me! …
.... it also brings shifty’s fraudulent made up call, which he read to the united states congress pretending it to be the words of president trump, which they were not! nancy pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on gma, and much more!
shifty adam schiff wants to rest his entire case on a whistleblower who he now says can’t testify, the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the presidential telephone call is a fraud totally different from the actual transcribed call...
the stlouisblues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up and never lose faith. when you work hard, support each other, believe in yourself, and give it everything you’ve got, victory is always within reach! stlblue
congratulations stlouisblues! …
now that we have found out that cnn is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that jeff zucker will be resigining momentarily?
join me in dallas, texas this thursday (october 17th) at the american airlines center! kag2020 tickets:
....he loves our military and supports our vets! get out and vote for tate reeves on november 5th. he has my complete and total endorsement!
mississippi, there is a very important election for governor on november 5th. i need you to get out and vote for our great republican nominee, tatereeves. tate is strong on crime, tough on illegal immigration, and will protect your second amendment....
just out: median household income is at the highest point ever, ever, ever! how about saying it this way, in the history of our country! also, more people working today in the usa than at any time in history! tough numbers for the radical left democrats to beat! impeach the pres.
governor mattbevin has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky! he continues to protect your very important second amendment. matt is strong on crime and the border, he loves our great vets and military. matt has my complete and total endorsement, and always has!
hunter biden was really bad on gma. now sleepy joe has real problems! reminds me of crooked hillary and her 33,000 deleted emails, not recoverable!
democrats are allowing no transparency at the witch hunt hearings. if republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the fake news. let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom i do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.
“project veritas-obtained undercover videos highlight jeff zucker’s @ cnn) campaign to destroy trump. videos reveal cnn’s bias!” tuckercarlson foxnews does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?
a big scandal at abc news. they got caught using really gruesome fake footage of the turks bombing in syria. a real disgrace. tomorrow they will ask softball questions to sleepy joe biden’s son, hunter, like why did ukraine china pay you millions when you knew nothing? payoff?
shifty schiff now seems to think they don’t need the whistleblower, who started the whole scam. the reason is that the whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the transcript. also, the second whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
"the house gone rogue! i want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the president of the united states..." marklevinsho
"it doesn't speak for the full house because the full house hasn't spoken. the democrat party is pushing this impeachment. this is a democrat party impeachment, as i have been saying, a silent coup effort." marklevinsho
"the democrat party has hijacked the house of representatives..." marklevinsho
statement from president donald j. trump regarding turkey’s actions in northeast syri
....i would much rather focus on our southern border which abuts and is part of the united states of america. and by the way, numbers are way down and the wall is being built!
some people want the united states to protect the 7,000 mile away border of syria, presided over by bashar al-assad, our enemy. at the same time, syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the kurds....
....and assad to protect the land of our enemy? anyone who wants to assist syria in protecting the kurds is good with me, whether it is russia, china, or napoleon bonaparte. i hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!
after defeating 100% of the isis caliphate, i largely moved our troops out of syria. let syria and assad protect the kurds and fight turkey for their own land. i said to my generals, why should we be fighting for syria....
....don't the europeans have a lot of responsibility?” katiepavlich thank you katie, i offered isis prisoners to the european countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. they probably figured that the u.s. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
“to his credit the europeans didn't step up to deal with this isis problem it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. now, angela merkel of germany is finally stepping up and telling turkey to back off....
great new book, "resistance (at all costs): how trump haters are breaking america" out by kimberley strassel of the wall street journal. kim has treated us fairly, and for that i am very appreciative. check it out today, it is great!
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “fox news pollster braun research misrepresented impeachment poll: analysis” nypost
the fox impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. this was announced on friday. despite this, the corrupt new york times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention....
america first!
wow! hunter biden is being forced to leave a chinese company. now watch the fake news wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. only softball questions of him please!
will be looking into the scott hapgood case, and the island of anguilla. something looks and sounds very wrong. i know anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! foxandfriends steveducey ainsleyearhardt
vote for good guy sean tonight on dancing with the stars. he has always been there for us!
happy columbus day!
the same people who got us into the middle east mess are the people who most want to stay there!
....kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. easily recaptured by turkey or european nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. big sanctions on turkey coming! do people really think we should go to war with nato member turkey? never ending wars will end!
brian kilmeade over at foxandfriends got it all wrong. we are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. europe had a chance to get their isis prisoners, but didn’t want the cost. “let the usa pay,” they said...
former democrat senator harry reid just stated that donald trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 election. thank you harry, i agree!
....democrat’s game was foiled when we caught schiff fraudulently making up my ukraine conversation, when i released the exact conversation transcript, and when ukrainian president and the foreign minister said there was no pressure, very normal talk! a total impeachment scam!
adam schiff now doesn’t seem to want the whistleblower to testify. no! must testify to explain why he got my ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. did schiff tell him to do that? we must determine the whistleblower’s identity to determine why this was done to the usa..
“the democrats are trashing this president, in the process, trashing the u.s. constitution. frankly, the american people need to wake up to the reality that the democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this constitutional republic.” grahamledger oann
“serial killers get more due process than the democrats give to the president of the united states.” marklevinshow
somebody please explain to chris wallace of fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), mike wallace, that the phone conversation i had with the president of ukraine was a congenial good one. it was only schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
the u.s. has the worst of the isis prisoners. turkey and the kurds must not let them escape. europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. they should do it now. they will never come to, or be allowed in, the united states!
. marklevinshow on foxnews is doing a big show tonight on the democrat’s impeachment scam. 10:00 p.m. no guests, just mark. he is angry (like so many others!). at 9:00 p.m. on foxnews, steve hilton is looking into the crooked bidens. where’s hunter?
.....by the way, don’t call me again, i’ll call you when you’ve done what i’ve asked.’” a reminder, that wasn’t just stupid, it was false.” greggutfeld greggutfeldshow foxnews i never said this. schiff made it up and read it to congress the american people. end witch hunt!
“congressman adam schiff, who when seeing the real ukraine phone call transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own. ‘i’m going to say this only seven times, so you better listen good. i want you to make up dirt on my political opponent, understand, lots of it, and.....
china has already begun agricultural purchases from our great patriot farmers ranchers!
....i agreed not to increase tariffs from 25% to 30% on october 15th. they will remain at 25%. the relationship with china is very good. we will finish out the large phase one part of the deal, then head directly into phase two. the phase one deal can be finalized signed soon!
my deal with china is that they will immediately start buying very large quantities of our agricultural product, not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. they have already started! likewise financial services and other deal aspects, start preparing....
the democrats are going to lose a lot of house seats because of their fraudulent use of impeachment. schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. democrat senate seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. look at louisiana last night, north carolina last week!
happy birthday usnavy
we have become a far greater economic power than ever before, and we are using that power for world peace!
where’s hunter? he has totally disappeared! now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! media is awol.
dealing with lindseygrahamsc and many members of congress, including democrats, about imposing powerful sanctions on turkey. treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. there is great consensus on this. turkey has asked that it not be done. stay tuned!
.....the kurds and turkey have been fighting for many years. turkey considers the pkk the worst terrorists of all. others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. let them! we are monitoring the situation closely. endless wars!
do you remember two years ago when iraq was going to fight the kurds in a different part of syria. many people wanted us to fight with the kurds against iraq, who we just fought for. i said no, and the kurds left the fight, twice. now the same thing is happening with turkey......
very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the turkish border, for a change. those that mistakenly got us into the middle east wars are still pushing to fight. they have no idea what a bad decision they have made. why are they not asking for a declaration of war?
the media is not talking about the big republican victory last night in louisiana where a sitting democrat governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. big upset! now eddierispone, who will be a great governor, will win!
a de human being! …
congratulations to the great state of louisiana. a big night. you will soon have a new and wonderful governor, eddierispone. your taxes and car insurance payments will go down!
the same people that got us into the middle east quicksand, 8 trillion dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side), are now fighting to keep us there. don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. they have proven to be inept!
the governor of louisiana, john bel edwards, has done a poor job. now he is in a runoff with a great republican, eddierispone. thank you louisiana! 66% down to 47% after i explained what a bad job the governor was doing.
the endless wars must end!
start thinking about getting bigger tractors! …
that is the real story! …
happy national farmers day
so now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest mayor in the history of nyc, rudy giuliani. he may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. such a one sided witch hunt going on in usa. deep state. shameful!
louisiana, get out and vote republican before going to the big game today. a runoff will be a tremendous win for your great state lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd amendment! fantastic being with you last night!
....other aspects of the deal are also great technology, financial services, 16-20 billion in boeing planes etc., but wow, the farmers really hit pay dirt! chuckgrassley joniernst debfisher bensasse thank you to all republicans in congress for your invaluable help!
the deal i just made with china is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our great patriot farmers in the history of our country. in fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? our farmers will figure it out. thank you china!
the case of major mathew golsteyn is now under review at the white house. mathew is a highly decorated green beret who is being tried for killing a taliban bombmaker. we train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill! petehegseth
“schiff aides worked with whistleblower.” foxandfriends repleezeldin schiff is a lying mess!
louisiana tomorrow, you will head to the polls and vote to replace liberal democrat john bel edwards with a great new republican governor! get out and vote for either docabraham or eddierispone (both great)
louisiana republicans, thank you for a great evening. get out tomorrow and vote republican! send the radical democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to fire your democrat governor, john bel edwards and send a great republican to the governor’s mansion
“i never saw so many subpoenas!” shannonbream foxnews the democrats have gone crazy. just read the transcript, or listen to the new ukraine president’s statement, no pressure! this is a democrat con job. impeach schiff for fraud!
so funny to watch steve kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about china. he chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. don’t want him at the white house!
where’s hunter?
is he leaving due to bad ratings, or some other less important reason? …
just landed in louisiana! vote against john bel edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the united states. louisiana will do much better by electing a republican. see everyone soon! lagop …
....congratulations kevin, on a job well done! i will be announcing the new acting secretary next week. many wonderful candidates!
kevin mcaleenan has done an outstanding job as acting secretary of homeland security. we have worked well together with border crossings being way down. kevin now, after many years in government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
a terrible and very dishonest person! …
we love you minneapolispd, thank you! les
really good news! …
so great! …
a giant scam! …
amazing evening! …
the do nothing democrats. thanks vicky! …
do you believe this? a total scam! …
a great evening in beautiful minnesota! …
what a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. a vicious killer who destroyed so many great people families! …
will be with our two great senators, senjohnkennedy @ senbillcassidy, tonight in louisiana. these two hard working, really smart men, love their country and love their state. we will hopefully add a great new republican governor to the beautiful louisiana mix! see you tonight!
one of the great things about the china deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex congressional approval process. when the deal is fully negotiated, i sign it myself on behalf of our country. fast and clean!
i will be in louisiana tonight (love it!) to get republicans to vote for either of our two great republican candidates and force a run off with john bel edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost (worst in usa), is suspect on your 2nd amendment!
good things are happening at china trade talk meeting. warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the old days. i will be meeting with the vice premier today. all would like to see something significant happen!
over the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul and we are going to win the great state of minnesota in 2020! trumpminneapolis kag202
a great evening in minneapolis, minnesota with incredible american patriots. thank you! …
the joint statement released with president bolsonaro in march makes absolutely clear that i support brazil beginning the process for full oecd membership. the united states stands by that statement and stands by jairbolsonaro. this article is fake news! …
wow, thank you minneapolis, minnesota on my way! kag202
....we have one of three choices: send in thousands of troops and win militarily, hit turkey very hard financially and with sanctions, or mediate a deal between turkey and the kurds!
we defeated 100% of the isis caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by turkey, in syria. we did our job perfectly! now turkey is attacking the kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years....
big day of negotiations with china. they want to make a deal, but do i? i meet with the vice premier tomorrow at the white house.
why isn’t the ig investigating his so-called whistleblower? all bad info!
the president of the ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that president trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. he used the strongest language possible. that should end this democrat scam, but it won’t, because the dems media are fixed!
thank you to oann one america news for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. it is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful voice! see you tonight at the big rally in minneapolis.
....the area and start a new war all over again. turkey is a member of nato. others say stay out, let the kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). i say hit turkey very hard financially with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! i am watching closely.
turkey has been planning to attack the kurds for a long time. they have been fighting forever. we have no soldiers or military anywhere near the attack area. i am trying to end the endless wars. talking to both sides. some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
where is hunter biden? he has disappeared while the fake news protects his crooked daddy! …
...court justice i turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since), shep smith, donnabrazile (who gave crooked hillary the debate questions got fired from cnn), others, foxnews doesn’t deliver for us anymore. it is so different than it used to be. oh well, i’m president!
from the day i announced i was running for president, i have never had a good foxnews poll. whoever their pollster is, they suck. but foxnews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. with people like andrew napolitano, who wanted to be a supreme....
“ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky told reporters thursday his controversial july call with president trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded democrats claim.” this should immediately end the talk of impeachment! …
in case the kurds or turkey lose control, the united states has already taken the 2 isis militants tied to beheadings in syria, known as the beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the u.s. they are the worst of the worst!
impeached for what, having created the greatest economy in the history of our country, building our strongest ever military, cutting taxes too much? …
a different take! …
“i don’t think it’s a whistleblower at all. i think this is an anonymous source for the democratic staff in the house of representatives. this is an insult to real whistleblowers. actual whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” john kiriakou tuckercarlson
the hardest thing i have to do as president..
sleepy joe biden
so pathetic to see sleepy joe biden, who with his son, hunter, and to the detriment of the american taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment and i did nothing wrong. joe’s failing campaign gave him no other choice!
only 25 percent want the president impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of fake news coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that i did nothing wrong. it is all just a continuation of the greatest scam and witch hunt in the history of our country!
so why is someone a good or great president if they needed to spy on someone else’s campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important federal judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to choose. will have 182 soon!
....daca stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the republicans and democrats will have a deal to let them stay in our country, in very short order. it would actually benefit daca, and be done the right way!
president obama said that he did not have the right to sign daca, that it will never hold up in court. he signed it anyway! if the supreme court upholds daca, it gives the president extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. if they do what is right and do not let......
crooked hillary should try it again! …
true. should have never been there in the first place! …
why doesn’t the icig do something about this scam? he should have never let it start, a dem hoax! …
adam schiff is a disgrace to our country! …
so true don, and this was a big lie. look what happened to friends of trump, for less. can’t let this pass! …
but we are now, for the first time, giving companies a better alternative! …
great support from gop in fighting the radical left, do nothing democrats! …
they don’t have a clue, but i do. the usa is doing great despite the fed! …
....no pressure at all said ukraine! very congenial, a perfect call. the whistleblower and others spoke before seeing the transcript. now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
the so-called whistleblower, before knowing i was going to release the exact transcript, stated that my call with the ukrainian president was “crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” this is a very big lie. read the transcript!
the do nothing democrats are con artists, only looking to hurt the republican party and president. their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. the good news is that we will win!!!!
....in the history of our country! we went to war under a false now disproven premise, weapons of mass destruction. there were none! now we are slowly carefully bringing our great soldiers military home. our focus is on the big picture! the usa is greater than ever before!
the united states has spent eight trillion dollars fighting and policing in the middle east. thousands of our great soldiers have died or been badly wounded. millions of people have died on the other side. going into the middle east is the worst decision ever made.....
fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. usa should never have been in middle east. moved our 50 soldiers out. turkey must take over captured isis fighters that europe refused to have returned. the stupid endless wars, for us, are ending! …
so make all member countries pay, not just the united states! …
he should be impeached for fraud! …
.....the whistleblower’s lawyer is a big democrat. the whistleblower has ties to one of my democrat opponents. why does the icig allow this scam to continue?
the whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the ukrainian president, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a democrat candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. this is no whistleblower.....
a total scam by the do nothing democrats. for the good of the country, this wirch hunt should end now! …
so amazing! …
wow, just breaking: “the (big deal) whistleblower had a ‘professional tie’ to 2020 democratic candidate.” washington examiner, byronyork in other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. why wasn’t this reported by the icig? a witch hunt scam!
“bob mueller was pursuing the fbi director job when he met with president trump in 2017, administration officials say.” foxnews bret baier and jake gibson seanhannity this is true even though mueller denied it!
the greatest witch hunt in the history of the usa! …
gasoline prices in the state of california are much higher than anywhere else in the nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). i guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! don’t worry california, relief is on the way. the state doesn’t get it!
....if there is a runoff in louisiana, you will have a great new republican governor who will cut your taxes and car insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. vote republican, the party of honest abe lincoln!
big rally in louisiana on friday night. must force a runoff with a liberal democrat governor, john bel edwards, who has let your taxes and car insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd amendment. vote for one of our two great republicans on saturday, force a runoff!
this is just the beginning, thank you to byronyork! …
the u.s. border is secure
....in fact, the “cops for trump” t-shirt web site crashed because of incredible volume, but is now back up and running. proceeds go to the police union charities. see you on thursday night in minneapolis!
radical left dem mayor of minneapolis, jacob frey, is doing everything possible to stifle free speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the target center. presidents clinton and obama paid almost nothing! the minneapolis police have been incredible....
friday night in louisiana will be great. big crowd expected. republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates @ docabraham @ eddierispone) so we can stop left leaning governor john bel edwards from getting over 50%. we will easily win the runoff! …
hasn’t adam schiff been fully discredited by now? do we have to continue listening to his lies?
get your great t-shirts, “cops for trump,” at really nice! thank you to minneapolis police officers union! foxandfriends
someone please tell the radical left mayor of minneapolis that he can’t price out free speech. probably illegal! i stand strongly proudly with the great police officers and law enforcement of minneapolis and the great state of minnesota! see you thursday night!
thank you to lt. bob kroll of the great minneapolis police department for your kind words on foxandfriends. the police are fighting the radical left mayor, and his ridiculous uniform ban. actually, i love the cops for trump shirts. want to bring some home. i am with you 100%!!!!
i think that crooked hillary clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from uber left elizabeth warren. only one condition. the crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how why she deleted 33,000 emails after getting “c” subpoena!
....to see. importantly, ambassador sondland’s tweet, which few report, stated, “i believe you are incorrect about president trump’s intentions. the president has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” that says it all!
i would love to send ambassador sondland, a really good man and great american, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where republican’s rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public....
....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. we are helping the kurds financially/weapons!
we may be in the process of leaving syria, but in no way have we abandoned the kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. likewise our relationship with turkey, a nato and trading partner, has been very good. turkey already has a large kurdish population and fully....
.....good health, at my request, pastor brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. also remember, and importantly, that turkey is an important member in good standing of nato. he is coming to the u.s. as my guest on november 13th. endendlesswars
so many people conveniently forget that turkey is a big trading partner of the united states, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our f-35 fighter jet. they have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at idlib province, and returning, in very.....
the lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. dump frey and omar! make america great again! …
thank you joni! …
adam should be impeached! …
great book! …
“there are no felonies, there are no impeachable offenses. the constitution’s very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. you can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” alandersh dershowitz. seanhannity a scam!
thank you heytammybruce
"the truth about impeachment" stevehiltonx nextrevfn
....the captured isis fighters and families. the u.s. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100% of the isis caliphate. it is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. the usa is great!
as i have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if turkey does anything that i, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, i will totally destroy and obliterate the economy of turkey (i’ve done before!). they must, with europe and others, watch over...
....down, watching over a quagmire, spending big dollars to do so. when i took over, our military was totally depleted. now it is stronger than ever before. the endless and ridiculous wars are ending! we will be focused on the big knowing we can always go back blast!
i was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the usa. the two most unhappy countries at this move are russia china, because they love seeing us bogged.....
the radical left democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local new york city and state democrat prosecutors to go get president trump. a thing like this has never happened to any president before. not even close!
....doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the trump tax cut.” stephen moore, freedomworks that means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that americans have right now because of president trump!
heritage foundation “these numbers are blockbusters. just since donald trump took office, median family incomrs are up over $4,100. in 8 years under president obama, they only went up $1000. in one third the time, president trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...
“incomes much higher under trump than bush, obama.” foxandfriends and almost everything else is better also (except i am driving the deep state, and the radical left, do nothing democrats, crazy)!
“ig: declassified information contradicts the whistleblower.” foxandfriends but why are people surprised? the “partisan” whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, “no pressure,” call with the ukrainian president. bring in another whistleblower from the bench!
we just won the big court case on net neutrality rules! a great win for the future and speed of the internet. will lead to many big things including 5g. congratulations to the fcc and its chairman, ajit pai!
...figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured isis fighters in their “neighborhood.” they all hate isis, have been enemies for years. we are 7000 miles away and will crush isis again if they come anywhere near us!
....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous endless wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. we will fight where it is to our benefit, and only fight to win. turkey, europe, syria, iran, iraq, russia and the kurds will now have to.....
.....again said “no,” thinking, as usual, that the u.s. is always the “sucker,” on nato, on trade, on everything. the kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. they have been fighting turkey for decades. i held off this fight for....
....including capturing thousands of isis fighters, mostly from europe. but europe did not want them back, they said you keep them usa! i said “no, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in u.s. prisons at tremendous cost. they are yours for trials.” they.....
the united states was supposed to be in syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. we stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. when i arrived in washington, isis was running rampant in the area. we quickly defeated 100% of the isis caliphate,.....
....this makes nervous nancy every bit as guilty as liddle’ adam schiff for high crimes and misdemeanors, and even treason. i guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly “colluded” with them, must all be immediately impeached!
nancy pelosi knew of all of the many shifty adam schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon congress and the american people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “whistleblower” lawyer...
. 60minutes “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the usa to the tune of 28 billion dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of tariffs paid to the united states by china for targeting the farmer. they devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!
unemployment rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. is that an impeachable event for your president?
gerry baker of wsjatlarge “do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” ken starr, clinton special prosecutor. “i don’t!”
sleepy eyes chuck todd of “meet the press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected senator ronjohnsonwi. seems that a not very bright chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. i did nothing wrong!
join me at the target center in minneapolis, minnesota this thursday, october 10th at 7:00pm! tickets:
good job, i must say, by bob woodward on “deface the nation.” the cbs no name host(ess), and other guest, peter baker of the failing new york times, were totally biased, boring and wrong (as usual), but woodward was cool, calm and interesting. thank you bob!
democrat lawyer is same for both whistleblowers? all support obama and crooked hillary. witch hunt! …
drain the swamp!
will be in minnesota on thursday night. massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the country) will be beyond belief! same thing in louisiana on friday. big and bold usa!
going to louisiana on friday night for a big republican rally. keep democrat governor edwards under 50%, force a runoff, and have a great new republican governor! voting on saturday. information for rally to follow.
# donothingdemocrats
....and by the way, i would love running against 1% joe biden i just don’t think it’s going to happen. sleepy joe won’t get to the starting gate, based on all of the money he his family probably “extorted,” joe should hang it up. i wouldn’t want him dealing with china u!
the biden family was paid off, pure and simple! the fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. sleepy joe said he never spoke to the ukrainian company, and then the came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and hunter.....
....and separately got 1.5 billion dollars from china despite no experience and for no apparent reason. there is no way these can be legitimate transactions? as lawyers others have stated, as president, i have an obligation to look into possible, or probable, corruption!
it is incredible to watch and read the fake news and how they pull out all stops to protect sleepy joe biden and his thrown out of the military son, hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month (plus,plus) from a ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,...
the democrats are lucky that they don’t have any mitt romney types. they may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (open borders, sanctuary cities etc.), but they stick together!
95% approval rating in republican party. thank you!
the do nothing democrats are being exposed! …
the great scam is being revealed! …
the first so-called second hand information “whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another “whistleblower” is coming in from the deep state, also with second hand info. meet with shifty. keep them coming!
“president trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, biden, up. if the v.p. of the u.s. is self enriching engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at.” peter schweizer, author, “secret empires.” marklevinshow
schiff and the do nothing dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt media is working hard to keep them in the game! …
mitt, get off the stage, you’ve had your turn (twice)! …
so crooked hillary clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails after getting a subpoena from the united states congress, but i can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the president of ukraine? witch hunt!
no kevin, jeff flake is better! …
i’m hearing that the great people of utah are considering their vote for their pompous senator, mitt romney, to be a big mistake. i agree! he is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the do nothing democrats! impeachmittromney
not only are the do nothing democrats interfering in the 2020 election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 election. they must be stopped!
"schiff is a fraud!" dbongin
this is the real story! greggjarret
mitt romney never knew how to win. he is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his senate run (i gave it to him), and when he begged me to be secretary of state (i didn’t give it to him). he is so bad for r’s!
somebody please wake up mitt romney and tell him that my conversation with the ukrainian president was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on china pertained to corruption, not politics. if mitt worked this hard on obama, he could have won. sadly, he choked!
the so-called whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off,” not even close. schiff and pelosi never thought i would release the transcript of the call. got them by surprise, they got caught. this is a fraud against the american people!
the media is “fixed” and corrupt. it bears no relationship to the truth. the nytimes @ washingtonpost are pure fiction. totally dishonest reporting!
"new extreme dems now running the party!
thank you kimstrassel and andrewcmccarthy
shifty schiff duped by russian pranksters
too bad! …
thank you robertjeffress
“report: ‘whistleblower’ never disclosed contact with house intel panel to inspector general” …
great book! …
“pelosi blatantly lies during gma interview about schiff's reading of ukraine transcript” …
where is the lamestream media on this? …
thanks jim. would be great to just run our country! …
“ex-envoy testified ukraine (or the president of ukraine) never raised quid pro quo concerns with him: source.” seanhannity foxnews the president of ukraine also stated that he was not pressured by me in any way. end of case!
....of ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the president with high crimes misdemeanors. this is just a phony witch hunt, perpetuated by democrats to get rid of trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.” richard ketay
“it isn’t often i get angry at the dirty politics of the democrats in congress, but this time i am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on reps. pelosi schiff, the democrats. i have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between trump the president...
along with pelosi and her boss aoc, the do nothing democrat “leader.” …
join me at the target center in minneapolis, minnesota next thursday, october 10th at 7:00pm! tickets:
my daughter ivanka will be on trish_regan tonight on foxbusiness at 8:00 p.m., following the great loudobbs at 7:00. enjoy!
....it to congress, and the american people, as though it was the statement of the president of the united states, me. he did it to fool congress and the public in order to make me look bad. he is a sick puppy!
“adam schiff’s connection to the whistleblower is coming to light.” foxnews these facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading....
lyin’ shifty schiff
“when your making an unsubstantiated charge that the president of the united states is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.the ambassador put a dagger in the heart of schiffs fairytale.” rep. lee zeldin foxnews
i have just officially nominated poland for entry into the visa waiver program. with this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the u.s. vice versa.
at the request of senthomtillis, i have declared a major disaster for the great state of north carolina to help with damages from hurricane dorian. assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! thom loves n.c,. and so do i!
under my administration, medicare advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. we are providing great healthcare to our seniors. we cannot let the radical socialists take that away through medicare for all!
“i think it’s outrages that a whistleblower is a cia agent.” ed rollins foxnews
“the witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no quid pro quo.” repmarkmeadows foxnews their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!
“when your making an unsubstantiated statement that the president is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. the ambassador put a dagger in the heart of schiffs fairytale.” rep. lee zeldin
