
this is a battle to save the heritage, history, and greatness of our country! maga2020
as i watch the pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the usa, i become more and more angry at china. people can see it, and i can feel it!
today’s scotus ruling is a historic win for families who want school choice now! schoolchoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. i will continue to fight for school choice and will always defend religious freedom!

the lone warrior!
chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. thanks! …
we are tracking down the two anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent george washington statue in manhattan. we have them on tape. they will be prosecuted and face 10 years in prison based on the monuments and statues act. turn yourselves in now!
senator corygardner from colorado is a great senator who always fights for the people of his state. he protects your 2a, loves our vets and military, and cares deeply about our beautiful public lands. cory has my complete and total endorsement! cosen …
congressman scottrtipton is a great supporter of the maga agenda! he fights for your 2a rights and the border wall. scott is working hard for colorado and has my complete and total endorsement! co03 …


sorry to inform the do nothing democrats, but i am getting very good internal polling numbers. just like 2016, the nytimes polls are fake! the foxnews polls are a joke! do you think they will apologize to me their subscribers again when i win? people want law, order safety!
seattle looters, agitators, anarchists and “protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “chop” zone. they have zero respect for government, or the mayor of seattle or governor of washington state! not good!
95% approval rating of president trump in the republican party. i would imagine the 5% are the rinos’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great judges supreme court justice’s, a new powerful military, choice for vets, 2a protection, big regulationcuts, life, much more!
can anyone believe that princeton just dropped the name of woodrow wilson from their highly respected policy center. now the do nothing democrats want to take off the name john wayne from an airport. incredible stupidity!
intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or vp. possibly another fabricated russia hoax, maybe by the fake news nytimesbooks, wanting to make republicans look bad!!! …
absentee ballots are fine. a person has to go through a process to get and use them. mail-in voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt election is usa history. bad things happen with mail-ins. just look at special election in patterson, n.j. 19% of ballots a fraud!
corrupt joe biden’s team is running false ads. almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, very much like their fake news partners!
the dems want to defund and abolish the police. not good! …
