On the final day of PrideMonth here’s my promise to you If I have the honor of being elected I will be the most pro-equality president in our nation’s history LGBTQ rights are human rights and we can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
We’re facing a serious threat and we need to meet it together as one country But this President gives us no direction and actively pits us against one another We can't continue on like this.pic.twitter.com/LA8OJ86Nnk
If I’m elected I’ll immediately reach out to Dr Fauci and ask him to continue his incredible service to our country I’ll have the nation’s top medical experts and scientists ready to advise our response on day one and I'll actually listen to them.
Mr President the American people didn’t make enormous sacrifices over the past four months so you could waste your time with late night rants and tweets Step up Take responsibility Do your job.
Tune in as I deliver remarks on how President Trump failed to protect the American people save our economy and control the virus: …
I want every single American to know if you’re sick if you’re struggling if you’re worried about how you’re going to get through the day I will not abandon you I will not leave you to face these challenges alone We are going to get through this together.
As simple as it sounds we need a president who listens So much of this could have been prevented if Donald Trump listened to someone other than himself.
Folks tomorrow night marks our first end-of-quarter deadline of the general election We need your help to hit our goal so we can catch up to Donald Trump's hefty cash-on-hand advantage I know times are tough but if you're able please chip in today: …
The President spent his weekend golfing.pic.twitter.com/zQepsL9lUp
Here’s my promise to you I’ll appoint a director who will actually go after financial predators and protect consumers. …
Today's decision reaffirmed that states can't put in place laws that unduly burden a woman's right to make her own health care decisions—but the fight isn't over As President I'll codify Roe v Wade and protect a woman’s constitutional right to choose. …
It's time we remember who we are as Americans we treat each other with dignity and respect we leave nobody behind and we give hate no safe harbor We are everything that Donald Trump is not.
William Perry Pendley spent his career fighting to sell off public lands and to allow drilling mining and logging on them with hardly any oversight Now the President has nominated him to oversee them at BLMNational Consider me opposed. …
White supremacy should be rooted out and relegated to the pages of history not promoted by the President of the United States.
The arc of the moral universe bent a little bit more today. …
Obamacare was and is a big deal We can't let Donald Trump tear it down we have to protect and build on it.pic.twitter.com/P9QZvidZmD
51 years ago today a movement was born on Christopher Street As we remember the anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and the brave individuals who changed our world forever let's recommit to finishing the job and finally achieving full LGBTQ equality Pridepic.twitter.com/PzbGOMy0zx
Donald Trump's entire presidency has been a gift to Putin but this is beyond the pale It’s a betrayal of the most sacred duty we bear as a nation to protect and equip our troops when we send them into harm’s way. …
Today the President shared a video of people shouting “white power and said they were “great. Just like he did after Charlottesville We’re in a battle for the soul of the nation and the President has picked a side But make no mistake it’s a battle we will win.
Children should be released from ICE detention with their parents immediately This is pretty simple and I can't believe I have to say it Families belong together. …
Now let's push our progress further pic.twitter.com/06VQXBIkTu
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office he proves just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
Wear a mask.pic.twitter.com/lejMbH1jjC
If Donald Trump prevails in the U.S Supreme Court insurers could strip away your health insurance coverage or jack up premiums simply because you experience long-term effects after battling the coronavirus We can't let that happen. …
Equal representation and participation matter …
I know these times are dark but I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead If we come together as one America there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
Health care is a right for all not a privilege for the few We have to ensure every single American has access to the care they need and deserve Here’s what I would do as president pic.twitter.com/4zuTzH6zt9
Congratulations Alexis We need you in this fight Proud to stand with you and Planned Parenthood Action Fund. …
Progress is possible.pic.twitter.com/wvw97zNd9j
Donald Trump is acting like a child who just can’t believe this pandemic has happened to him.pic.twitter.com/06xilwAmlV
Last week President Trump claimed the virus would "fade away. Now we're facing a record-high number of new cases and it's surging across the country Trump refuses to listen to the experts and take action and we're all paying the price.
In this moment we have an enormous opportunity to root out systemic racism and close the racial wealth and income gaps We can do it together.pic.twitter.com/l6AmXzfDDB
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a global pandemic.
DC should be a state Pass it on. …
The American people have sacrificed so much to fight this virus we've lost lives businesses paychecks And now we're losing the progress we've made because this president refuses to do his job Donald Trump has failed our nation every step of the way. …
While President Trump continues his victory lap over 20 million Americans remain out of work He may have forgotten about you but I never will and I'll fight for you every single day in the White House. …
While the Trump Administration continues their efforts to rip health care away from millions I'm speaking about how we can make quality affordable health care available to every American Tune in: …
Health care workers are selflessly risking their lives every day on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 and hundreds have paid the ultimate price They are American heroes and we cannot forget the sacrifices they made to care for us all. …
Democracy is under threat globally Restoring the soul of America means fixing democracy at home and confronting not cozying up to dictators around the world When I'm president America will defend democracy at home and abroad. …
Health care is a right for all not a privilege for the few.
This virus is not just going to disappear because you want it to Mr President Listen to the experts Take clear concrete action Do your job. …
Tonight DrBiden and I will be hosting "A Community of Pride to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the world's first Pride march Join us theebillyporter jvn catcora and K_JeanPierre at 7:30 PM ET pic.twitter.com/J3uKJ3Q6EF
I am proud to have the NRDC_AF under the exceptional leadership of my friend Gina McCarthy by my side Together we'll lead the world in a clean energy revolution that will help us reduce our carbon emissions and create good-paying union jobs. …
Ignore the polls Register to vote …
Brian the courage and strength you've shown in the face of daunting odds is an inspiration to us all I'm confident that with folks like you leading the way and with the power of our best minds we'll find treatments and cures and beat this thing once and for all. …
Workers called back on the job deserve access to regular reliable COVID-19 testing.
Instead of passing police reform or helping hardworking Americans get through this crisis Republicans are jamming through another one of Trump’s unqualified nominees It's wrong Cory Wilson lacks judicial temperament and experience—and has no place on a Federal Court. …
We need a president who will expand access to quality affordable health care not rip it away.
To everyone who is scared hurting and wondering what's going to happen next I want you to know I see you I hear you And I'll fight for you every single day in the White House.pic.twitter.com/UDQiuTX69L
Our planet cannot take four more years of Donald Trump. …
The American people are tough resilient and always full of hope There’s not a single thing we can't do if we do it together.
It's clear Donald Trump will stop at nothing to tear down Obamacare and rip health care away from millions We cannot let him get away with it We have to build on the ACA with a new public option to ensure everyone receives the care they deserve.
It's pretty simple If we want to save people's jobs and save people's lives we need more testing and we need it faster The President is intentionally slowing it down. …
This is yet another attempt to distract from this Administration's failure to lead an effective response to COVID-19 Immigrants help grow our economy and create jobs The President can't scapegoat his way out of this crisis. …
It's worth repeating that this weekend President Trump admitted he directed his administration to slow down coronavirus testing in the middle of a global pandemic He continues to prove just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
To Ashley and all the health care workers on the front lines of this fight thank you You are American heroes.pic.twitter.com/B6UCR5xmhc
Tomorrow President BarackObama and I are hosting a virtual grassroots fundraiser We’ll be answering some of your questions and taking a few trips down memory lane You won’t want to miss it Time is running out to reserve your spot RSVP today: …
The strength of the LGBTQ community has always been rooted in the ability to find hope in spite of setbacks If we stand together UnitedByPride we'll get through this and emerge stronger.pic.twitter.com/nXPtQqQB98
No one should have to choose between their paycheck and their health That's why my plan for a safe and effective reopening ensures everyone has access to testing and paid leave for all those who get sick from COVID-19 Read more here:
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump But if we give him eight years in the White House he will forever alter the character of our nation We can't stand by and let that happen.
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President I've spent my career fighting against injustice And I'm not finished yet.pic.twitter.com/vJ7jDk9OCH
Trump talks tough on Venezuela but admires thugs and dictators like Nicolas Maduro As President I will stand with the Venezuelan people and for democracy. …
Trump opposed sanctioning China’s government over its atrocious human rights violations to protect his hollow trade deal and serve his own personal interests Where Trump has been weak I will be strong clear and consistent in standing up for America's values and its people. …
My dad instilled a lot in me but perhaps most important is the belief that there’s no higher calling than to be a good parent Happy Father’s Day to all the dads working to help raise their children and all our children to be honorable generous and kind.pic.twitter.com/Lsm7AkABTn
I can't believe I have to say this but we should be speeding up testing not slowing it down.pic.twitter.com/zuZh7DiQ9X
It’s in some of our darkest moments of despair that we’ve made some of our greatest progress If we stand together as one America we'll rise stronger than before.pic.twitter.com/buzkmkM1Gf
Speed up the testing.
I've found that the way to overcome enormous tragedy in your life is to turn that grief and pain into purpose Christian Cooper and I discussed how we can take our collective pain in this moment and turn it into a catalyst for change:pic.twitter.com/uPtszYLXxN
This nation has always strived to serve as a beacon of hope but Trump has made it clear that he does not believe our country should be a place of refuge As president I'll recommit to building a more inclusive and welcoming America …
Folks credit me for speaking out on marriage equality in 2012 but I'm not the one who took a real risk Countless others did the hard work and paid a price just for being themselves Christian Cooper and I discussed the trailblazers who came before us and the work that remains:pic.twitter.com/bEPmsRgZDo
Donald Trump is so eager to get back to his campaign rallies that he’s willing to put people at risk and violate CDC guidelines as long as they sign a waiver promising not to hold his campaign liable Unbelievable.
The Tulsa Race Massacre is one of the worst incidents of racial violence in our history and it has been erased from our national consciousness for far too long It’s time we reckon with what happened in 1921.pic.twitter.com/wYX3Adq3vN
Christian Cooper’s encounter in Central Park was another wake-up call for our nation and a reminder of the work that remains to root out hate and intolerance I'm grateful for Christian's support and know with folks like him leading the way we'll get the job done.pic.twitter.com/XWhcTjbo0t
We're months into this pandemic and still don't have proper testing PPE or clear nationwide guidance Instead Donald Trump Pushes dangerous disproven drugs Stands in the way of the CDC Refuses to wear a mask He is failing even the most basic test of leadership.
I know it can be hard to keep faith that we will ever achieve that more perfect union we strive to be But ours is a union worth fighting for and we are all called to the cause None of us can turn away None of us can stay silent.
Donald Trump’s failure to fight the coronavirus with the same energy and focus that he uses to troll his enemies on Twitter has cost us lives and is putting hope for an economic recovery at risk.
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation Who we are What we believe And maybe most important who we want to be It’s all at stake That's the case we're making in our first TV ad of the general election:pic.twitter.com/gGeSmBIIxA
On June 19 1865 in Galveston TX the last enslaved African Americans were finally given notice of their freedom 155 years later we're still on the long road to equality equity and fairness for all We can't rest until the promise of this nation is fulfilled Juneteenth pic.twitter.com/ZHOH8Hz57H
Juneteenth reminds us of how vulnerable our nation is to being poisoned by systems and acts of inhumanity—but it's also a reminder of our ability to change Together we can lay the roots of real and lasting justice and become the extraordinary nation that was promised to all.
Amy from the moment you announced you were running for president in a snowstorm it wasn't hard to see you had the grit and determination to do anything you set your mind to You know how to get things done With your help we’re going to beat Donald Trump. …
Climate change is linked to increased pregnancy risks and heartbreakingly Black mothers are being hit the hardest As President I'll work every day to tackle the climate crisis head-on and root out injustice Because they are intertwined. …
To all the Dreamers who make our country better and stronger every single day Thank you This country needs you HomeIsHerepic.twitter.com/VZPVqY1cgq
The decisions of the last few days should remind us all of the immense power of the Supreme Court and the generational impact its justices can have We have the power to shape the Court's future this November and we can’t forget that.
I'm ready on day one After more than three years in office why isn't Donald Trump ready?pic.twitter.com/ksgxTsG7QK
Dreamers are Americans Period.
Just like Donald Trump couldn’t wish COVID-19 away in March and just like he couldn’t tweet it away in April he can’t ignore it away in June.pic.twitter.com/nOBnrL4rWi
Here’s my promise to you On day one I’ll send a bill to Congress that creates a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and 11 million undocumented people who are already strengthening our nation It’s long overdue.
It didn’t have to be this bad But we have a president who is more interested in taking a victory lap than he is in doing the work needed to solve this crisis We need a president who will put the American people first and actually do the work. …
Thanks Barack You're right and we won't stop until every Dreamer feels safe in this country. …
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me And just like everything else he has inherited in his life he has squandered it.pic.twitter.com/kxBBzhxvxc
The Supreme Court’s ruling today is a victory made possible by the courage and resilience of hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients who bravely stood up and refused to be ignored And as President I will get to work immediately to make it permanent. …
Donald Trump wants to style himself a wartime president against an invisible enemy but he has surrendered the fight Instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus he has waved the white flag and retreated.
Vice President Pence claimed success because COVID-19 deaths are “down to fewer than 750 a day That's more than 20,000 a month and they're self-congratulating Unbelievable It may be good enough for President Trump but it will never be acceptable if I am President.pic.twitter.com/9h08nxjC6k
I’m proud to stand with folks across the country participating in today’s WorkersFirst Caravan Senate Republicans need to pass the HeroesAct now and take action to root out systemic racism. …
If John Bolton's accounts are true it’s not only morally repugnant it’s a violation of Donald Trump’s sacred duty to the American people to protect America’s interests and defend our values.
Donald Trump ignored the experts downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed and failed to take the action necessary to contain it and now in many states COVID cases are on the rise again This president has failed to lead our nation. …
Five years ago nine good souls were ripped from this world killed by hate and white supremacy Today we honor the memory of the Emanuel Nine and the unspeakable grace of those they left behind.pic.twitter.com/zpVG2ak8aK
I'm in Darby Pennsylvania to discuss how we can make sure the country's reopening is safe effective and gets Americans back to work Tune in: …
The truth of our nation is that too often the color of your skin alone can endanger your life and for far too long systemic racism has oppressed communities of color in the United States It has to change.
We need a president who chooses unity over division.
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again Donald Trump is running the most corrupt administration in modern American history. …
We have the power to write the future we want for this country One where health care is a right we lead the world in the fight against climate change we end our gun violence epidemic and our government works for all not just the powerful Let’s do it together.
We can’t forget that in the middle of a global pandemic the Trump Administration is trying to gut Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions It's morally reprehensible.
Systemic racism pervades every part of our society including law enforcement and we have to do the hard work to root it out In January I sat down with Jake a field organizer on our campaign to listen to what he had to say and discuss how we can move forward:pic.twitter.com/mVkxpWxbod
This virus won’t just go away because you want it to Mr President It’s time for you to step up and do your job.
Los Dreamers son estadounidenses Trump les quit la protección que lograron con tanto esfuerzo Esto es inaceptable El primer día de mi presidencia enviar un proyecto de ley al Congreso que proteger a los beneficiarios de DACA de la deportación. …
LGBTQ rights are human rights Period.
Folks I’ve got some big news Next week I’m getting together with my friend and former boss President BarackObama for a virtual grassroots fundraiser We would love to see you there Chip in now to get your ticket: …
Dreamers are Americans But Trump's ripped away the hard-won protections of DACA recipients throwing their lives into upheaval It’s unacceptable and on day one of my presidency I will protect them from deportation and send a bill to Congress. …
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him It didn’t and it won’t American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending It's up to all of us to do the hard work to ensure the American ideal finally wins out.pic.twitter.com/iUyi82zXN7
I'm grateful for PPact's support and proud to stand with them in this fight As president I’m going to do everything in my power to expand access to quality affordable health care including reproductive health care. …
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19 but he does bear full responsibility for his slow uncoordinated bungled response. …
Race-neutral policies are not a sufficient response to race-based disparities We need to tackle systemic racism head-on and ensure everyone has a fair shot at the American dream Here’s what I would do as president:
Today's decision is another step in our march toward equality for all The Supreme Court has confirmed the simple but profoundly American idea that every human being should be treated with respect But we're not done. …
After reports of wealthy Trump donors getting millions in relief meant for small businesses the administration is now refusing to disclose where the PPP money went It's unacceptable The American people deserve answers. …
In every corner of the country people are raising their voices and demanding justice It gives me so much hope Together we’re going to transform this nation and ensure justice finally rings out for all.
We need a president who heals not one who fans the flames of hate We need a president who unites not one who sows further discord for political gain We need a president who leads the way with a steady hand not one who incites violence with his erratic tweets.
We’re facing some of the greatest challenges in our nation’s history and it’s clear Donald Trump isn’t up for the job We need real leadership right now.
We have to ensure every worker called back on the job has access to regular reliable COVID-19 testing and effective personal protective equipment. …
We need a president who will fight to further LGBTQ equality not roll back the hard-won progress we've already made.
We need real policing reform and we need it now.pic.twitter.com/HkBvD8QsmL
Our nation is at an inflection point We can't go back to the way things were before we have to take a bold step forward and usher in a new era of equality and opportunity We can do it together.
Here's my promise to you I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued our nation not use them for political gain We shouldn’t accept anything less from an American president. …
We need a national ban on chokeholds Now.
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation That is truer today than ever If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation We can’t let that happen.
In light of Donald Trump's inhumane reversal of protections for transgender people I want to share a conversation I had a few weeks ago Adi deserves to be treated with the same respect and dignity as anyone else Period.pic.twitter.com/nr1u0vOvog
On the fourth anniversary of Pulse In the middle of Pride month During a global pandemic Donald Trump's cruelty truly knows no bounds We have to defeat him this November. …
Two years after Trump's Singapore meeting with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un the U.S and our allies are less safe and Kim's arsenal of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles keeps growing Photo-ops and love letters are no substitute for deterrence and principled diplomacy. …
Medgar Evers once said "freedom has never been free. On this day in 1963 he paid the ultimate price in pursuit of freedom for his brothers and sisters He was gunned down fighting to end racial injustice We must honor him by carrying forward that cause in our own lives today.
Four years ago today 49 lives were cut short in an act of unspeakable terrorism at Pulse nightclub As we remember those we lost including so many in the LGBTQ and Hispanic communities we have to double down on our efforts to HonorThemWithAction.pic.twitter.com/TKaZ4M7IFF
We need real policing reform and we need it now Congress should immediately Outlaw chokeholds Improve oversight and accountability Create a model use of force standard Stop the transfer of weapons of war to local police forces
Donald Trump forgot about COVID-19 but COVID-19 didn’t forget about us The President couldn’t wish away the virus in April he couldn’t tweet it away in May and he can’t ignore it away in June.
Our country is crying out for leadership that Donald Trump can’t deliver.pic.twitter.com/QHvUdgg6Io
We need a president who chooses hope over fear.
We can't let history repeat itself Facebook needs to act now to stop the spread of disinformation and protect our elections Watch my deputy campaign manager Kate Bedingfield break down what's happening and how you can help us fix it pic.twitter.com/OGG2wwtW2P
COVID-19 can affect anyone anywhere but it doesn't impact every community equally Watch as Dr Ebony Jade Hilton explains how it’s impacting communities of color:pic.twitter.com/3uuXEsfyv4
While the president was spiking the football and taking a victory lap another 1.5 million Americans filed new unemployment claims last week He is completely oblivious to what's really happening in this country and hardworking Americans are paying the price. …
We have to ensure our economic reopening is safe and strong and builds the foundation for an economy that works for everyone Today I'm releasing my plan to make that happen:
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe effective and gets Americans back to work Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen: …
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe effective and gets Americans back to work Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen: …
With less than 150 days until Election Day the stakes couldn't be higher We've got to fix Facebook to protect our democracy and ensure fair elections If you agree sign the open letter today to demand Facebook take action
So far Facebook has failed to enact any real reforms to stop the spread of disinformation on its platform Time is running out Today we're releasing an open letter demanding the company change its policies:
Folks we saw in 2016 what can happen when social media platforms are left unchecked and allow disinformation to run rampant It puts the very integrity of our elections at risk We simply cannot let it happen again in 2020.
It's in our darkest moments that we've produced some of our greatest progress and we have that opportunity once again Let's make this a moment of action to address systemic racism and propel our nation into an era of true equality and opportunity.
There is systemic racism not just in our law enforcement but also in housing education and everything we do and we have to do the hard work to end it.pic.twitter.com/w9H77Jbuqa
We have to make this an era of action starting with real police reform No more excuses No more delays Add your name to demand Congress ban chokeholds and pass real police reform right now:
This pandemic isn't just going to go away because you want it to Mr President Step up and do your job before your negligence costs even more lives than it already has. …
Ignore the polls We can't take anything for granted this November the stakes are simply too high Register to vote Donate Volunteer Let's get to work. …
Nothing about the fights we're facing will be easy Racism has been a fixture in our society for hundreds of years But I’m ready to get to work on day one We can’t accept anything less from an American president.
Donald Trump’s hate-filled conspiracy-laden rhetoric is inflaming the racial divides in our country—but just fixing the way the president talks won’t cut it We need to root out systemic racism and ensure Black Americans have a real shot to get ahead. …
America was founded on the promise of equality liberty and justice for all We’ve never fully lived up to that promise and we can’t rest until we finally do.
From ballot shortages and issues with machines to hours-long lines what happened today in Georgia should enrage us all We need to act now to prevent it from happening again in November Our democracy depends on it. …
Because of Donald Trump's negligence and incompetence More than 110,000 people have died We have nearly 2 million cases of COVID-19 Over 20 million Americans are out of work And yet he’s patting himself on the back Unbelievable.
Small businesses like Rafael's are the backbone of communities all across this nation We have to do so much more to help them through this crisis.pic.twitter.com/msi1oZ6P24
Let me be clear We can't leave this moment and once again turn away and do nothing We need justice We need action We need reform.
Grief is a heavy burden to bear and it's even harder with the eyes of the world watching I know But that burden is now a purpose to change the world for the better in the name of George Floyd That's the message I shared with his loved ones during today's service:pic.twitter.com/2LKJzwBUSO
My Dad used to say there's no greater sin than the abuse of power Whether it's an officer bloodying a peaceful protester or a President defending him with a conspiracy theory he saw on TV I'm a Catholic just like Martin Our faith says that we can't accept either.
13 million people who had jobs when you took office are unemployed today. …
Together let’s make this an era of action.pic.twitter.com/JHt3sELUCV
This moment is a wake-up call for all of us It's long past time we deal with systemic racism growing economic inequality and the denial of the promise of this nation to so many.pic.twitter.com/IV4EVWAfRO
Donald Trump inherited the longest economic expansion in history from the Obama-Biden Administration but like everything else he’s inherited he has squandered it. …
To everyone speaking out and peacefully demanding justice across the nation I see you I hear you and I stand with you.pic.twitter.com/gsqiDcEZUo
At every turn President Trump ignored the experts downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed and misled the American people and we’re all paying the price every single day. …
We've made incredible progress on LGBTQ equality but we still have further to go We can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law—regardless of who they are or whom they love Join OutForBiden and let's get to work pic.twitter.com/hHNVoCU2q5
We're facing some of the greatest challenges in our history and Donald Trump is patting himself on the back He just has no idea what’s really going on in this country It's time for him to step out of his bunker and look around at the consequences of his words and actions.
American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending But we have the power to write the future we want for this nation Don't let anyone tell you differently.
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment.
Our nation is at an inflection point We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics or we can take the next great step forward.pic.twitter.com/AbLAYAUsZx
These disparities have plagued our nation for far too long It’s time we rebuild our country upon more just and equal foundations and finally close race-based wealth and income gaps. …
We need to build an economy that rewards work not just wealth.pic.twitter.com/NANxlpk538
This isn’t about politics This is about the future of our country Grateful for your support Secretary Powell. …
The words of a president matter And time and time again Donald Trump has callously used his to incite violence stoke the flames of hatred and division and drive us further apart We cannot give him another four years in the White House.
We need to stand up as a nation with the Black community and with all minority communities and come together as one America Because the pain is too immense for one community to bear alone It is the duty of every American to grapple with it and grapple with it now.
I promised George Floyd's family that he wouldn’t just become another hashtag and I intend to keep that promise We need justice And we need real police reform to ensure this never occurs again.
To all those families who are scared and hurting and wondering what’s going to happen next I want you to know I see you I won’t ever forget you And I won’t be satisfied until this economy starts working for all of you.pic.twitter.com/YxQ2OaeSyQ
Today we honor those who answered duty’s call on June 6 1944 on the beachheads of Normandy We must be a living memorial to their bravery and sacrifice—and recognize always that our strength is rooted in our fervid and unfailing defense of democratic rights and freedoms DDay
Today the pain is so raw it can be hard to keep faith that justice is at hand or that we will ever achieve the more perfect union we all want But ours is a union worth fighting for and we are all called to the cause No one can stay silent. …
We're just 150 days out from Election Day and the stakes have never been higher We have to defeat Donald Trump and once we do we won’t just rebuild this country we'll transform it Together Help us make it happen: …
Donald Trump was warned but he failed to act Now more than 20 million Americans are out of a job and paying the price It didn’t have to be this bad.pic.twitter.com/Hut7pquZUU
150 days.
Folks tonight we secured the 1,991 delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination I'm going to spend every day fighting to earn your vote so that together we can win the battle for the soul of this nation. …
Tonight I’m thinking of Breonna Taylor’s mother Tamika Palmer Today should have been her daughter's birthday I've talked a lot about turning pain into purpose But for Breonna and Tamika it’s on us to find purpose Our country needs to act now. …
Donald Trump still doesn’t get it He’s out there spiking the football completely oblivious to the tens of millions of people who are facing the greatest struggle of their lives.pic.twitter.com/ZNbTRsdVdS
This GunViolenceAwarenessDay I am reflecting on the life of Hadiya Pendleton whose murder inspired the WearOrange movement The hard truth is that Black Americans are ten times more likely to die by gun homicide It has to stop.
When it comes to this economic crisis Donald Trump either doesn’t know what’s going on or he just doesn’t care.pic.twitter.com/db8axnf704
Donald Trump is dangerously unfit to lead our nation through this moment But don't just take my word for it:pic.twitter.com/eD9z51pXDQ
Let’s be clear about something The depth of this job crisis is not attributable to an act of God but to the failure of a President.
George Floyd’s last words “I can’t breathe, have echoed across our nation and around the world For the President to try to put any other words in his mouth is frankly despicable. …
Tune in as I speak about the latest jobs report and the state of the economy: …
Those who have worked the closest with Donald Trump know how unfit he is to serve as President. …
It is long past time we made the promise of this nation real for all of our people.
We are a nation in pain but we must not allow this pain to destroy us We are a nation enraged but we cannot allow our rage to consume us We are a nation exhausted but we will not allow our exhaustion to defeat us.
We can’t take four more years of this.
To everyone struggling with mental health—you're not alone There is no shame in seeking help and there shouldn't be any barriers in your way to getting that help Together we can achieve mental health parity expand access to care and wipe out the stigma.pic.twitter.com/QXplsIwYTL
It's hard to believe this has to be said but unlike this president I’ll do my job and take responsibility I won’t blame others And I’ll never forget that the job isn’t about me it’s about you.
We are at our best when we open our hearts not when we clench our fists.
Jim Mattis and I haven’t always agreed on everything but you'd be hard pressed to find a more powerful indictment of Trump's actions and character than the one he's written "We do not need to militarize our response to protests We need to unite around a common purpose." …
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him It didn’t and it won’t American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending It's up to all of us to create the America we know we can be.pic.twitter.com/LNI2e3d3lz
More than 42 million Americans have now filed for unemployment in the last three months and Black and Latino communities are being hit hardest. …
There’s no time to waste we need to get to work immediately on real police reform Congressman Hakeem_Jeffries has a bill to outlaw chokeholds Congress should put it on President Trump’s desk in the next few days Period. …
The nation is crying out for leadership but this president has nothing to offer.
Donald Trump has turned our country into a battlefield riven by old resentments and fresh fears He thinks division helps him I ask every American to look at where we are now and think anew Is this who we are Is this who we want to be?pic.twitter.com/taSpWIFT1b
We need a president who listens.pic.twitter.com/aBdClOSDYw
It’s in some of our darkest moments of despair that we’ve made some of our greatest progress and we have that chance once again We’re not just going to rebuild this nation we’re going to transform it There is nothing we can’t do if we do it together.pic.twitter.com/iozMdaLtAw
If we stand together we will rise stronger than before A more equal more just more hopeful nation closer to that more perfect union we must always strive to be.
I ask all of America not to deny our pain or cover it over but to use it to compel our nation across this turbulent threshold into the next phase of progress inclusion and opportunity for our great democracy.
If the Senate has time to confirm Donald Trump’s unqualified judicial nominees it has time to pass legislation that will give true meaning to our Constitution’s promise of equal protection under the law No more excuses No more delays.
When 100,000 Americans died because of his incompetent leadership this president golfed When Americans peacefully protested outside the White House this president tear-gassed them for a photo-op Donald Trump was elected to serve us all but he only looks out for himself.
The presidency is a big job Nobody will get everything right I won’t either But I promise you this I won’t traffic in fear and division or fan the flames of hate I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued this country not use them for political gain.pic.twitter.com/TfNaoMRZQp
That’s what the presidency is a duty of care to all of us not just our voters not just our donors but all of us.pic.twitter.com/rWHywb5cHV
“I can’t breathe. George Floyd’s last words But they didn’t die with him They’re still being heard They’re echoing across this nation It’s a wake-up call for all of us.pic.twitter.com/q6kARnpJqU
Julián I made a promise to George's family that he wouldn't just become another hashtag We're going to tackle this head on and we're going to need your help to do it Grateful for your support. …
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation Who we are What we believe And maybe most important—who we want to be It’s all at stake That is truer today than ever And it’s in this urgency we can find the path forward.
The President held up a bible at St John’s church yesterday If he opened it instead of brandishing it he could have learned something That we are all called to love one another as we love ourselves That’s hard work But it’s the work of America.
A country is crying out for leadership Leadership that can unite us leadership that brings us together leadership that can recognize the pain and deep grief of communities that have had a knee on their neck for a long time.
Let us vow to make this at last an era of action to reverse systemic racism with long overdue and concrete changes This morning I'm speaking in Philadelphia Pennsylvania on where we are and where we need to go Tune in: …
Pride is a global movement of love self-expression and community resilient in the face of oppression and fear and hopeful for a better future This month let us recommit to those principles and remain steadfast in the fight for justice and equality. …
He's using the American military against the American people He tear-gassed peaceful protesters and fired rubber bullets For a photo For our children for the very soul of our country we must defeat him But I mean it when I say this we can only do it together. …
In this moment the very soul of America is at stake We must commit as a nation to pursue justice with every ounce of our being We have to finally make real the American promise That all men and women are not only equal at creation but throughout their lives.
Leaders listen.pic.twitter.com/FPSJP4Fkn3
After another night of unrest in America I’m hosting a virtual roundtable with mayors from across the country to discuss where we go from here Tune in: …
We are a nation in pain right now but we must not allow this pain to destroy us As President I will help lead this conversation and more importantly I will listen just as I did today visiting the site of last night's protests in Wilmington.pic.twitter.com/0h2ApbKT0C
We are a nation in pain but we must not allow this pain to destroy us We are a nation enraged but we cannot allow our rage to consume us Please stay safe Please take care of each other. …
Trump’s Tantrum Diplomacy is eroding U.S credibility on the international stage Withdrawing from WHO during a global pandemic is a recipe for disaster and increases the cost of the American response We must instead rally the world to confront COVID-19. …
If we are complacent if we are silent we are complicit in perpetuating these cycles of violence None of us can turn away We all have an obligation to speak out.
You can't defeat bigotry it only hides And when leaders give it oxygen as Donald Trump has done it comes roaring back We all have a moral obligation to stand up speak out and hold people accountable.pic.twitter.com/vES2aIXVGl
Today in lifting our ambitions and our imaginations to the heavens the United States has once more reshaped the future of space travel. …
Every day that Donald Trump spends in the White House he further debases the values and ideals of our nation He is wholly unfit to be president.pic.twitter.com/Fq90hSLuLz
This is no time for incendiary tweets This is no time to encourage violence This is a national crisis and we need real leadership right now.
We are a country with an open wound None of us can turn away None of us can be silent None of us any longer can hear those words “I can’t breathe and do nothing We must commit as a nation to pursue justice with every ounce of our being.pic.twitter.com/veodlR1UYU
It’s time for us to take a hard look at uncomfortable truths It’s time for us to face the deep open wound we have in this nation We need justice for George Floyd.
Tune in as I address the unfolding situation in Minnesota and the killing of George Floyd: …
I will be speaking more about the events in Minnesota later today.
I will not lift the President’s tweet I will not give him that amplification But he is calling for violence against American citizens during a moment of pain for so many I’m furious and you should be too.
This is not abstract a black reporter was arrested while doing his job this morning while the white police officer who killed George Floyd remains free I am glad swift action was taken but this to me says everything.
Enough.
We can’t allow this crisis to exacerbate the disparities that plague our nation. …
We’re months into this crisis and Donald Trump still doesn't have an effective national testing strategy I do: …
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things That's the story of America and we’re seeing it written every single day It gives me hope.pic.twitter.com/hK8AbPKZue
100,000 lives lost across the country 1,700,000 confirmed U.S cases 40,000,000 unemployment claims filed Donald Trump has failed our nation.
Today we learned that another 2.1 million people filed for unemployment last week bringing the total number of new claims since this crisis began to more than 40 million It's just the latest evidence of Donald Trump’s utter failure of leadership. …
Thirty years ago I proudly cosponsored the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act It was an enormous step forward but there's more work to do So today I’m releasing my plan to achieve full participation and equality for people with disabilities: …
The hard truth is that this crisis didn’t have to be this bad.
Two tweets from the same day in October.pic.twitter.com/rsSslLCsTW
Every day Donald Trump proves how unfit he is to lead our nation.pic.twitter.com/zymzZw8619
Presidents are supposed to lead by example and every day Donald Trump proves how incapable he is of doing that. …
George Floyd’s life mattered.pic.twitter.com/1XoadyjRWw
DrBiden and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Larry Kramer an American hero Through his activism Larry taught us all how to speak up and demand our government do its job His outspokenness raised our consciousness on HIV/AIDS and saved countless lives. …
There are moments in our history so grim so heart-rending that they're forever fixed in each of our hearts as shared grief Today is one of those moments 100,000 lives have now been lost to this virus To those hurting I'm so sorry for your loss The nation grieves with you.pic.twitter.com/SBBRKV4mPZ
Over the last few months countless Asian Americans have been threatened attacked and blamed for COVID-19 They've cruelly been made the scapegoat by the most powerful man on the planet President Trump It has to end Read more from TammyforIL and me: …
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic and not only is Donald Trump preventing people from getting the health insurance they need but he’s also actively trying to terminate the insurance millions already have It’s morally reprehensible.
Tune in now as TomWolfPA joins me for a conversation on how COVID-19 is impacting states: …
This morning I’ll be joined by TomWolfPA for a conversation on how COVID-19 is making an impact on states Tune in live at 10:30AM EDT pic.twitter.com/D6Ewy1xm78
Last year California passed AB5 affording gig workers protections and benefits like a minimum wage and overtime pay Now gig economy giants are trying to gut the law and exempt their workers It's unacceptable I urge Californians to vote no on the initiative this November.
George Floyd deserved better and his family deserves justice His life mattered I'm grateful for the swift action in Minneapolis to fire the officers involved they must be held responsible for their egregious actions The FBI should conduct a thorough investigation. …
Wear a mask.
Donald Trump's wealthy donors got tens of millions of dollars in relief while countless small businesses were turned away It's no wonder he didn't want any oversight We need a government that works for all not just the super-wealthy.
The truth is asking for money is the worst part of running for president—especially in times as tough as these But we’re coming up on our end of month fundraising deadline and I need your help to ensure we hit our goal If you can please chip in today: …
1 in 4 U.S workers has filed for unemployment benefits in the last 10 weeks It’s a crisis unlike anything we’ve seen in our lifetime and the Trump Administration is failing to do enough to help.
Folks today we’re launching League46 a next generation coalition ready to make Donald Trump a one-term president We've got unlimited capacity to create change and together we’re going to transform this country Join today pic.twitter.com/Dbez4mtrwx
So much of this could have been prevented if we had a president who listened to someone other than himself.
We are months into this crisis and Donald Trump still doesn't have a comprehensive plan when it comes to COVID-19 or the economy It's unacceptable I released a detailed plan laying out what I would do months ago and have built on it since Take a look:
There’s not a single thing the American people can’t do if we do it together.
We have always been able to take crises and turn them into opportunities and we have the chance to do that once again If we match our ambitions to the scale of the challenges we face we can and will transform our country for generations to come.
This ruling goes a long way toward protecting the sacred right to vote but there's still work to do We've got to ensure everyone including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies has the right to make their voice heard at the ballot box. …
To all the members of our military and our military families especially those who have lost their service member thank you We owe you We can never lessen the magnitude of your loss but this I can promise you we will never forget MemorialDaypic.twitter.com/b5vDrYiPL5
The presidency is about a lot more than tweeting from your golf cart It requires taking on the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world Donald Trump simply wasn’t prepared for that I promise you I will be.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future and time is running out to address it We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle the challenge head-on.
Hunger today isn’t about scarcity it’s about a massive failure in leadership If I were President I’d immediately work with chefjoseandres to empower our restaurants to be part of the solution as families go hungry during the COVID-19 crisis. …
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic and the Trump Administration is trying to prevent people from getting health care.pic.twitter.com/B46LlVfWaL
Folks write letters to me asking all kinds of questions but Jack's question on my favorite ice cream flavor might be the best one yet Here’s what I told him pic.twitter.com/Hd5lTk1SlM
Make no mistake I believe our best days still lie ahead We can and will transform this nation together.
Nearly 100,000 lives have been lost and tens of millions are out of work Meanwhile the president spent his day golfing.pic.twitter.com/H1BVNtgVjA
As Ramadan draws to an end DrBiden and I want to wish a safe and warm celebration to our Muslim friends and neighbors Even though we can't be all together to celebrate we hope it is filled with joy family and success for the year to come EidMubarak
Donald Trump has failed to live up to our trust and treaty obligations to Native Americans It’s unacceptable I’ll make meaningful investments in Indian Country including increasing funding for Indian Health Services and making that funding mandatory. …
We can protect the sacred right to vote and protect public health at the same time.
The hard truth is Donald Trump ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak It’s one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
36,000 Americans could be alive today if President Trump had acted sooner Let's put that into perspective:pic.twitter.com/i2bmqRe86r
We're in the midst of the worst economic crisis in our lifetime and Senate Republicans continue to delay relief for the American people saying "I don’t see the need right now. Unbelievable We've got to take back the Senate this November. …
Adi is an incredible young advocate for the transgender community He also graduated high school today We wanted to say congrats...with a couple friends!pic.twitter.com/1bDml2YI8Q
Chip in to help make it happen …
No worker’s life is worth getting a cheaper hamburger Period.pic.twitter.com/hMkO4ILgmx
Think of how many small businesses could have been helped with the $47 million that went to private jet companies owned by wealthy Trump donors It’s ridiculous We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected. …
We will get through this and we will come out stronger I promise.pic.twitter.com/qXIjeMuwbZ
In announcing the intent to withdraw from the Open Skies Treaty President Trump has doubled down on his short-sighted policy of going it alone and abandoning American leadership. …
I've said it before and I'll say it again No company pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers It's time for Amazon to pay its fair share. …
Join Andrew Yang to discuss the economic impact of COVID-19 Tune in now: …
In the middle of this crisis President Trump is trying to cut food assistance It’s morally bankrupt We should do everything in our power to ensure no one goes hungry in America.
A president who can't handle a crisis is no president at all.pic.twitter.com/c1vnz3dHsp
It didn’t have to be this bad The hard truth is that Donald Trump failed to take action and it cost American lives.pic.twitter.com/qhkliK1i5Z
Turns out it takes more than a tweet to implement a comprehensive national testing strategy. …
I’m looking forward to joining my friend StephenAtHome on the colbertlateshow tonight Check out some of my favorite moments from the last time I was on his show and then make sure to tune in to CBS at 11:35 PM ET.pic.twitter.com/KfG0ilRVqI
I don't usually Google myself but I made an exception for WIRED’s Autocomplete Interview Check it out: …
Donald Trump’s inaction cost lives. …
While we hope to soon return to some sense of normalcy in our lives we cannot allow ourselves to return to the everyday gun violence that has plagued our past We need to pass common-sense reforms and end our gun violence epidemic. …
I promise you this A Biden Administration will listen to scientists and heed their advice not silence them. …
When I launched my campaign I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation we’re seeing that soul on full display Folks are reaching out to help one another and doing truly heroic things It makes me so proud.
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue We need to ensure every single eligible American can safely make their voice heard this November. …
We don't have a food shortage problem we have a leadership problem.pic.twitter.com/eFpJ8PGHGM
Donald Trump is using a global health crisis as an excuse to deport children and continue separating families It's heartless and un-American People across the political spectrum rejected these policies before and will do so again because they know families belong together. …
Folks I’m excited to share that we’re hosting a grassroots fundraiser with PeteButtigieg Grassroots donors are the backbone of our campaign and I want to thank you for all your support Chip in any amount to join us Friday afternoon: …
My heart and Jill's go out to the people of Midland Michigan experiencing another crisis in the midst of this pandemic. …
Donald Trump needs to do his job and implement a national testing strategy.
From my home in Delaware to Milwaukee Wisconsin join us for a virtual rally at 3:30 PM CT pic.twitter.com/5vYn55VS6R
Donald Trump has failed to provide for our nurses and doctors on the frontlines Now he’s short-changing our troops and their families Unacceptable. …
Now more than ever we need a president who will choose to unite rather than divide.
When we emerge from this crisis we can’t just go back to the way things were before We need to take this country to a place we’ve never been Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
Congratulations to Dr iingwen on the start of her second term Taiwan’s thriving democracy and response to COVID-19 are an example to the world America’s support for Taiwan must remain strong principled and bipartisan. …
The United States of America has always emerged stronger from every trial and tribulation and we will again We will overcome this.
Fundamentally this is about whose side the government is on and whether it is accountable to the American people This is a case I will continue to make and if elected president will deliver on. …
That's exactly why EWarren and I have called for more oversight We need more conditions on corporations to ensure relief goes to their workers not their CEOs No $500 billion slush fund No blank checks The Trump Administration is prioritizing big corporations over workers.
During today’s Senate Banking Committee hearing Secretary StevenMnuchin1 refused to require corporations benefiting from $500 billion in CARES Act funds to keep workers on their payrolls EWarren asked him several times each time he ducked and refused.
Today DrBiden and I are mourning the death of our dear friend Annie Glenn Her long life was filled with great love and great meaning with purpose and her own brand of uncommon courage. …
Tonight I'll be joining chefjoseandres for a virtual town hall to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on food security and the restaurant industry and what our government should be doing to ensure no one in America goes hungry Watch live at 7 PM ET: …
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis. …
We need a president who believes in science.
I am proud to stand with NationalNurses in calling for a strong OSHA standard for RNs and other frontline health care workers and full utilization of the Defense Production Act to mass produce personal protective equipment. …
It’s time we reward the people who actually make this country work Not Wall Street CEOs but the middle class Ordinary women and men who are capable of doing extraordinary things when given half a chance That's who I'll fight for every single day in the White House.
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus But he does bear full responsibility for failing to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime.
With your help we'll defeat Donald Trump And we won't just rebuild this nation we’ll transform it I know times are tough but if you're able please chip in today to help make it happen: …
One of President Trump's top advisors admitted that this administration "really let the country down on testing He's right It's long past time for Trump to step up and implement a national testing strategy so we can begin safely reopening the economy. …
Expand vote-by-mail and early voting Implement online voter registration Ensure everyone can safely vote in-person We need to do everything in our power to ensure every American can safely make their voice heard this November.
Companies getting relief from taxpayers have an obligation to protect workers paychecks and the Trump Administration has an obligation to hold their feet to the fire to ensure they do We need real relief paired with real oversight—not no-strings-attached corporate bailouts. …
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history and his recovery efforts are making that clearer than ever.
In the middle of the worst public health crisis in our lifetime President Trump is actively trying to terminate health insurance for millions of Americans It's unthinkable Here's what I would do to ensure everyone has access to the coverage they need: …
In times of crisis Americans stand as one It's who we are And it's how we're going to get through this together.
A year ago today the House passed the EqualityAct a long-overdue bill that would ensure LGBTQ people are treated with dignity and respect under the law But SenateMajLdr won't bring it up for a vote It's unacceptable Passing it will be a top legislative priority of mine.
I'm incredibly grateful for everyone who has chipped in to help fuel this campaign especially in times as tough as these EWarren and I called a few folks to thank them for their support:pic.twitter.com/FPpttl2wkc
As we reflect on the incredible legacy of Brown v Board of Education we’re reminded of the urgent work that remains before us 66 years later We can’t rest until every kid gets a fair shot and we finally live up to our founding ideals of liberty justice and equality for all.
Moments of crisis require presidents to step up transcend partisan politics and unite the nation to achieve a common goal But Donald Trump has done nothing but stoke division—and we're seeing the effect every day He is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis. …
No graduating class gets to choose the world into which they graduate but few have ever entered at a point in this country's history where they genuinely have a chance to write a new chapter Congratulations to the class of 2020 I can't wait to see the future you create.pic.twitter.com/rfdhDJzBjO
Behind every COVID-19 death is a family and a community that will never be the same Behind every unemployment claim is a life thrown into uncertainty a person wondering how they’ll make ends meet There is a real human toll to this crisis We cannot forget that.
Today on the International Day Against Homophobia Transphobia and Biphobia I stand with LGBTQ people and their allies to celebrate and champion the inherent dignity and worth of all persons—regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity …
Congratulations to the Class of 2020 and to all those who were a part of the journey I can't wait to see what you all accomplish …
From this moment of crisis we have the opportunity to not just rebuild our economy but transform it.
Every day Donald Trump proves how wholly unfit he is to lead our country. …
We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected.pic.twitter.com/S32PWWdLT3
Defeating Donald Trump is going to take everything we've got His campaign has been preparing for the last four years and has millions in the bank I know times are tough but if you can please pitch in today to help us catch up pic.twitter.com/6hXpIM3cF6
On this Armed Forces Day DrBiden and I want to express our gratitude and support for the men and women in uniform serving and defending our country around the world Thank you for your selfless service and sacrifice You continue to make us proud.pic.twitter.com/CHDdzrZkhK
It seems the way to get fired by President Trump is not to commit wrongdoing but to investigate it. …
Science over fiction.
The fact is Donald Trump wasted an awful lot of time and lives were lost as a consequence.pic.twitter.com/c6UdsDmLWi
I want Donald Trump to look the American people in the eye and explain why their hard-earned dollars are bailing out his wealthy donors. …
We're building a campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and transform this nation but we need your help to do it Join us this Sunday for a Grassroots Strategy Summit where we'll lay out our path to victory and how you can get involved pic.twitter.com/VuEkunPtr2
Unions like GoIUPAT are supporting their workers and communities during this pandemic To build a stronger more inclusive and more resilient middle class after this crisis we must encourage unionization That starts with enacting the PRO Act. …
Los fracasos internacionales de Trump han abierto el camino para que Cuba se una al Consejo de Derechos Humanos de la ONU Esto traiciona a los presos políticos en Cuba y mina aún más la diplomacia de los EE.UU Como presidente defender los derechos humanos del pueblo cubano.
Trump's international failures have cleared a path for Cuba to join the UN Human Rights Council This would betray Cuba's political prisoners and further undermine U.S diplomacy As President I will lead by empowering the Cuban people and defending human rights.
To everyone who has lost a loved one due to COVID-19 I know it's incredibly difficult right now but there will come a time when their memory brings a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye It will take time but that’s when you know you’re going to make it.pic.twitter.com/bGyr3AIbWH
If you’re looking for ways to show off your support for the campaign or to stay entertained while we’re social distancing we’ve got you covered Check out our new free store where you’ll find everything from phone backgrounds to crossword puzzles: …
We have the power to create the future we want A future where We end our gun violence epidemic We lead the world in combating climate change Everyone has access to the health care they need Our government works for all not just the wealthy and well-connected
To all of our front line workers who are working day in and day out to keep our nation afloat during this crisis thank you.
We are months into this crisis There is simply no excuse for President Trump's failure to implement a national testing strategy.
Tonight StaceyAbrams and I will be joining Lawrence for a discussion on combating COVID-19 and how we can ensure everyone can make their voice heard this November Tune in to MSNBC at 10 PM ET to watch live. …
What he said. …
Donald Trump can deflect and shift blame all he wants but the hard truth is he failed to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime.pic.twitter.com/5kHQnJrK2a
Sherian a small business owner from South Carolina recently asked how I would help businesses like hers recover from this crisis and how we can tackle health care disparities among communities of color They're important questions Here's what I said: …
The lives of tens of millions of Americans have been thrown into chaos through no fault of their own and Donald Trump simply isn't doing enough to help them. …
Join me for a virtual roundtable on COVID-19 with Governors Gretchen Whitmer Phil Murphy and Ned Lamont who are at the forefront of this crisis: …
Small businesses are the backbone of this country We have to do so much more to support them through this crisis Here's what I would do if I were president: …
With the void of leadership in the White House governors across the country have stepped up to meet this moment This afternoon I’ll be joined by a few of them for a roundtable discussion on COVID-19 Tune in at 3:30 PM ET to watch pic.twitter.com/1EONVfE0pk
As the economy continues to spiral downwards and unemployment soars to Great Depression-era levels we cannot ignore the hard truth This crisis hit us harder and will take longer to recover from because of Donald Trump’s failures. …
There's nothing that the American people cannot accomplish when we stand together one nation united in purpose.
Happy Birthday to the one and only StevieWonder.pic.twitter.com/AnjAnNiGxB
“60 days into the coronavirus crisis the White House does not have a plan a framework a philosophy or a goal. Real presidents lead Reality TV presidents don’t. …
Not only does the Trump Administration want to take away health coverage for millions in the middle of a pandemic but now they want to let people go hungry too Their cruelty truly knows no bounds. …
Moments of crisis require swift and decisive action from our leaders but Donald Trump and his administration have done nothing but dither and delay They have failed the American people on every single front. …
I would trust the guy who’s one of our nation's top public health experts not the one who pondered injecting disinfectant into the body and looked directly at a solar eclipse. …
Enough with the anger and division and fear-mongering Mr President It's time for you to step up appeal to our better angels and unite the country We'll overcome this crisis by coming together not by tearing each other apart. …
It didn’t have to be this bad Donald Trump utterly failed to prepare for this pandemic and delayed in taking the necessary steps to safeguard our nation against the near-worst-case-economic scenario we are now living. …
We owe so much to every single worker on the front lines of this crisis The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve Here's what I would do if I were president: …
I joined PeterHamby on Snapchat’s Good Luck America to discuss everything from memes to stimulus oversight Head to to watch the interview today Thursday and Friday.
A united party is key to winning the White House this November The work of the task forces will be essential to identifying ways to build on our progress and not simply turn the clock back to a time before Donald Trump but transform our country. …
Donald Trump can put up all of the banners he wants in the Rose Garden but it doesn’t change the fact that he failed our nation when it comes to COVID-19 testing. …
I wish the president would spend less time talking and tweeting and more time listening to experts like Dr Fauci This isn’t politics This is life and death. …
DrBiden and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Aimee Stephens We send our deepest condolences to her wife Donna and her family Aimee's spirit and courage will not only be her legacy but our guiding light as we carry on her fight for equality. …
The Trump Administration clearly knows what's needed to make workplaces safe and operational adequate testing contact tracing masks and additional precautions They're putting in the work to keep themselves safe Why aren't they doing the same for the American people? …
This is a bunch of malarkey and you know it senatemajldr We left a 69-page playbook on how to fight pandemics You can read it here if you’d like And make sure to pass along your notes to President Trump He could use them. …
Donald Trump knew about this crisis all the way back in January and his response since has been incompetent at best.pic.twitter.com/OgVj8ia8Lk
That’s the plan …
Here's the deal We can choose who our country works for We can choose whether it works for just the wealthy or everyone else as well That’s the choice we must make all of us together this November.
Let me be clear My Administration will review every single stimulus loan given to big companies and political insiders We will find any dollar taken corruptly we will come get it and we will punish the wrongdoers.pic.twitter.com/UVQILUeTVN
I believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd.
Donald Trump just doesn't understand We have an economic crisis because we have a public health crisis and we have a public health crisis because he failed to act.pic.twitter.com/hRrueGgx2C
In April we raised $60.5 million between my campaign and TheDemocrats I'm humbled and know what a sacrifice it is to give in times as difficult as these But May is our most important month yet and we need your help If you can please chip in today:
Donald Trump and his team seem to understand how critical testing is to their own safety So why are they insisting that it’s unnecessary for the American people?
With folks staying at home during this time of social distancing we put together some fun activities to keep everyone entertained Text FREE to 30330 to be the first to get a look at what we’ve been working on.pic.twitter.com/7dDXj3dPCm
Donald Trump hopes to split us into dueling camps casting Democrats as doomsayers hoping to keep America grounded and Republicans as freedom fighters trying to liberate the economy It’s a childish tactic—and a false choice none of us should fall for. …
I have a better idea give people coronavirus economic relief and don't hold their hard-earned benefits hostage. …
This crisis presents an opportunity to not just rebuild our economy but transform it AndrewYang joined me to discuss how we can do that and create a stronger fairer more inclusive middle class Listen to the full episode pic.twitter.com/3GaBdN1S46
No podemos callar ante la violencia contra personas transgénero de color como las recientes tragedias en Missouri y Puerto Rico Es nuestra obligación garantizar que todos puedan vivir abiertamente con orgullo y sin miedo. …
We cannot be silent in the face of rising violence against transgender people of color—like the recent tragedies in Missouri and Puerto Rico It's our moral obligation to end this epidemic and ensure everyone can live open and proud and free from fear …
AndrewYang and I covered a lot of ground on the next episode of Here's the Deal but the most surprising part might have been learning about his connection to the Roosevelts Make sure to tune in for the full episode tomorrow morning pic.twitter.com/oYcWnZXWM8
Don't let anyone tell you differently We have the power to write the future we want for our country.
Tax cuts for the super-wealthy Bailouts for large corporations Working Americans left behind That’s Donald Trump’s record.pic.twitter.com/5ThHy2Gqdx
I believe rebuilding the middle class is the moral obligation of our time We have to build a stronger more inclusive more resilient middle class one that can withstand the next public health crisis or whatever else comes our way. …
Ordinary people given half a chance have never let their country down That’s who I believe in That’s who I’m in this race to fight for.
To the extraordinary mothers everywhere like Catherine Eugenia Finnegan Biden my wishes for a safe and happy Mother’s Day.pic.twitter.com/3PmotUx6EU
There's a clear choice this November Donald Trump will do everything he can to terminate health care for millions in a global pandemic I will do everything I can to ensure every American has access to the quality affordable care they need. …
There’s no quit in America None at all We’re going to get through this and we're going to come out stronger.
This is inexcusable. …
No one should pay a dollar out of pocket for coronavirus testing or treatment Period.pic.twitter.com/HTc0fF1Ydi
Imagine what we could be doing now with the $2 trillion in tax cuts that Donald Trump delivered for his rich friends.pic.twitter.com/5yDjitm4l2
We need to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class And this time we're going to bring everyone along We have to make sure every single person gets a fair shot at success.
Crisis reveals character and character belongs in the White House.pic.twitter.com/5XD4rtjNDL
Ahmaud Arbery was shot down in cold blood His family deserves justice and they deserve it now.
Make no mistake COVID-19 has caused a massive economic challenge But this crisis hit us harder and will last longer because Donald Trump spent the last three years undermining the core pillars of our economic strength.pic.twitter.com/4nkrpNDXgs
Two years ago Donald Trump withdrew from the Iran Deal This week he vetoed a war powers resolution that would've prevented him from starting a war with Iran without Congressional consent His decisions have increased the risk of war in the Middle East. …
Corruption is a feature of Donald Trump's economic agenda—not a bug He will pick his wealthy friends and corporate cronies over working families every time I say it’s time we pick a different way—one where everyone gets a fair shot at success not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd.pic.twitter.com/9MbZpSblC5
75 years ago on VEDay America and its allies defeated fascism in Europe From the devastation of war we built a lasting peace Today as we honor the veterans who sacrificed for us let us remember the importance of uniting against common threats.
It didn’t have to be this bad The hard truth is that Donald Trump was simply not up to the job. …
I’m the proud husband of a teacher who inspires me every day I’ve seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources Thank you to all the amazing teachers who've inspired and educated the future of our country TeacherAppreciationWeekpic.twitter.com/1sq1isIOWr
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president who listens to someone other than himself?pic.twitter.com/IN2Wtpacc4
Donald Trump loves to crow about what a great economy he built This crisis has revealed what a failure Trumponomics has been And American workers and families are paying the price Tune in for my remarks live on nowthisnews at 12 PM EDT.
Here's the simple truth The United States of America has never been defeated when we're together and we're not going to be defeated now We can and will overcome this.
I can't hit the campaign trail in-person due to COVID-19 so instead I’m traveling across the country from my home in Delaware Head over to my Instagram to catch up on today’s trip to Florida .
Where are the tests Mr President? …
Every step of the way President Trump has ignored the experts downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed and misled the American people and we’re all paying the price every single day I promise you I will do the opposite. …
Over 33 million Americans have filed unemployment claims since mid-March one out of every five workers It’s a national economic disaster that requires urgent action We have to get help to everyone who needs it efficiently equitably and immediately. …
Real presidents lead Reality TV presidents don’t.pic.twitter.com/2lMwnRXLcG
I believe the moral obligation of our time is to rebuild our economy in a way that finally brings everyone along A Biden Administration will encourage the economic empowerment of African Americans and close the racial wealth and income gaps Read more:
These folks are true heroes every single one of them Take a minute to read their stories: …
We can't host any in-person events due to COVID-19 but that won't stop me from hitting the campaign trail—virtually of course Tomorrow I'll be making stops around Florida and wrapping up the day with a virtual rally in Tampa Tune in at 5:15 PM ET pic.twitter.com/H3ZAyxhxxj
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again No one is expendable No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
The nurses on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes We owe them more than we could ever repay but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe emergency paid sick leave and premium pay NationalNursesDay
You heard it straight from the president himself He wants to terminate health care for millions of Americans in the middle of a global pandemic We can't let that happen. …
The stakes in this election have never been higher Over the last few months we've seen how wholly unfit Donald Trump is to lead our nation We have to vote him out of the White House this November.
We can’t sit by as Donald Trump and Republicans use COVID-19 as an excuse to disenfranchise voters We need to ensure people have the opportunity to vote by mail early vote vote absentee and in every way possible safely vote in person this November. …
Today amid the COVID-19 pandemic the Trump-backed lawsuit to dismantle the ACA enters a new phase If Trump and Republican AGs succeed it’ll mean devastation for our health care system that will cause untold pain and suffering We can't let that happen. …
These stories are heartbreaking and remind us that the numbers we see in the news are more than just statistics Every death is a tragedy and marks a family and community that will never be the same DrBiden and I are keeping them all in our prayers. …
The video is clear Ahmaud Arbery was killed in cold blood My heart goes out to his family who deserve justice and deserve it now It is time for a swift full and transparent investigation into his murder. …
This didn't have to happen The Trump Administration failed to take action and produce desperately needed protective equipment and those on the front lines of this crisis paid the price It's heartbreaking. …
The Biden Administration will not silence scientists. …
The choice between the economy and public health is a false one—if we don’t beat the virus we'll never get back to full economic strength and will lose countless lives We have to get the number of new cases down and scale up testing before we return to some sense of normalcy. …
It’s important to stay connected while we’re social distancing but there’s always that one friend who doesn’t get the hint when it’s time to end the video chat Glad we don’t know anyone like that right KeeganMKey?pic.twitter.com/AoDEYRTo8G
It's been a big few weeks President Obama Secretary Clinton Senator Sanders Senator Warren and Speaker Pelosi all endorsed our campaign Now we need your help to keep the momentum going I know times are tough but if you can please chip in today: …
Each week I get hundreds of letters from people across the country Folks share their hopes ideas struggles and concerns and I try to respond to as many as I can We're going to share a few of them with you in our new series Sincerely Joe. …
Thank you to all the Firefighters Paramedics Police officers Doctors Nurses Medical support staff Grocery and retail workers Meatpackers Delivery drivers Transit workers And everyone else on the front lines of this fight You truly are the heart and soul of this country.
Let me be clear Essential workers on the front lines of this crisis deserve premium pay emergency paid sick leave and protections that keep them safe.
Across the country folks are stepping up taking care of their neighbors and lending a hand to those in need It's who we are In times of crisis we stand as one And it makes me so proud to be an American. …
Today I’m releasing a new plan to achieve equity for the African American community and take us one step closer to making America what it ought to be Read more: …
Over 1 million cases of COVID-19 Almost 70,000 dead What is upsetting President Trump Tough questions from the press Cry me a river Mr President.pic.twitter.com/MbSZJ0UMel
Make no mistake We can emerge from this crisis a stronger better and fairer nation It’s within our power we just need a president and an administration who are up for the task.
I've always believed that we've been at our best when we've acted as one America This crisis is an opportunity for us to be that nation again There's not a single thing we cannot accomplish if we do it together.
In times of crisis the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility Donald Trump has not been that president.pic.twitter.com/QikZiHZeXX
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad The lack of preparation the slow response on testing the failure to administer the relief in the CARES Act appropriately all of it stems from Donald Trump’s failures as president. …
This Sunday night settle in and join labor leader Dolores Huerta actor John Leguizamo Secretary Hilda Solis and Congresswoman Escobar for a TodosConBiden discussion Tune in now: …
The American people are strong tough brave and big-hearted We can and will overcome this together.
Donald Trump seems to think he can direct funding based on which politicians are nice to him which states he’s trying to win in November and which businesses he wants to enrich all without any accountability EWarren and I think that’s unacceptable. …
This WorldPressFreedomDay support for an independent press at home and around the world matters more than ever We must vote Trump out this November and assure that attacks on our free press are never again acceptable especially not in the White House. …
Trump deflects legitimate questions with attacks He bullies members of the press instead of taking responsibility for his failures His efforts to undermine public confidence in the integrity of reporting violate our core values and threaten our very system of government.
A free press is essential to a free society That's why attacking the press and attempting to intimidate independent media is a standard part of the authoritarian playbook around the world And it’s why Donald Trump’s efforts to demonize the media put us on such a dangerous path.
The U.S Postal Service is an essential pillar of American life We simply cannot let Donald Trump destroy it. …
Over the last few weeks I worked with our supporters and staff to create a code for our campaign—the principles we’ll live by reflecting the community we’ve built the team we aspire to be and some of my own ‘rules as well I’m excited to share it pic.twitter.com/ulwQwEosTz
This pandemic is bigger than any one individual or country This moment requires all of us to come together across the nation and around the world to solve this crisis.
When I say Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history this is what I'm talking about Monty Bennett should return the tens of millions of dollars he received and we should give it to the small businesses that need it. …
We left a playbook He ignored it We created an office to prepare for pandemics He gutted it We had CDC officials in China to detect and contain outbreaks He pulled them out Trump can try and shift blame all he wants but the fact is his actions left us unprepared. …
Mi corazón y el de Jill están con Puerto Rico a raíz de los terremotos de hoy Mientras la isla enfrenta el impacto de este suceso y la pandemia del COVID-19 tenemos que asegurarnos que reciban los recursos y la asistencia que necesitan para recuperarse lo más pronto posible.
My heart and Jill's are with the people of Puerto Rico in the wake of another damaging earthquake As the island grapples with both the impact of this earthquake and this pandemic we need to ensure they get the resources and assistance needed to recover as soon as possible.
To USWNT don’t give up this fight This is not over yet To USSoccer equal pay now Or else when I'm president you can go elsewhere for World Cup funding. …
On March 6th Donald Trump said “Anybody that wants a test can get a test. It was a lie then and it's still not true nearly two months later It's a disgrace and it's slowing efforts to reopen safely This administration needs to act immediately to surge testing nationwide.
When we come together and act as one America there's not a single thing we cannot accomplish.
No one should have to pay for coronavirus treatment Period. …
I'll say what Donald Trump won't The Confederate flag swastikas and other symbols of hate that have been used in these protests have no place in America The president should encourage folks to follow Gov Whitmer’s public health orders not sow further discord and division. …
As we mark the beginning of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month DrBiden and I extend our best wishes to AANHPI communities across America We look forward to celebrating your extraordinary accomplishments and contributions in the month ahead.
When we emerge from this crisis we can't just go back to the way things were before We have to build a better future for all We can and will transform this nation together.
This crisis isn't about you Mr President It's about the American people.pic.twitter.com/3a4ppJ964Y
We have lived long enough with a President who doesn’t think he is accountable to anyone and takes responsibility for nothing That’s not me As a Presidential candidate I’m accountable to the American people. …
We need a president who listens.pic.twitter.com/pUFSMLd3pe
We need more tests Our front line workers need protective equipment Americans need additional economic relief Yet the Trump Administration is spending time and energy on President Trump's wasteful border wall Unbelievable. …
The number is overwhelming but each one represents a life thrown into uncertainty a family unable to make ends meet and a community worried about how it will recover We have to do more to help them Now. …
More than 60,000 people in the U.S have died 30 million have filed for unemployment At least 1 million have gotten sick Enough with the late night Twitter tantrums Mr President It's time for you to step up and lead.
Instead of preparing our country to fight COVID-19 Donald Trump wasted months and promised it would miraculously go away by April He was wrong And we're all paying the price.pic.twitter.com/R0tDbI1WZr
An open and independent press is more important than ever in times like this They deserve to be treated with respect not belittled with schoolyard taunts from this president. …
Donald Trump either read his daily briefings and ignored the warnings or didn't read them at all Either way it's a complete and unjustifiable dereliction of duty. …
I’ve been a big fan of Megan’s for years and can’t wait to join her this afternoon You can watch our chat live at 2:45 PM ET …
We may be physically apart but we are all in this together.pic.twitter.com/VNiMtbfItu
As president I promise you I'll honor all those we've lost from COVID-19.pic.twitter.com/9N00PTSNHw
The climate emergency isn't just a threat to our environment it's a threat to our health economy and so much more We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action to combat it before it's too late. …
In the middle of a global pandemic the Trump Administration is still working to gut the Affordable Care Act and rip health care away from millions It's morally reprehensible They need to drop the lawsuit immediately.pic.twitter.com/yc6azeqLVs
With rent due in a few days and folks across the country worried they won't be able to make their payments it's clear more needs to be done to provide relief We need to freeze rent immediately for people who have lost their jobs and place a temporary ban on evictions.
The words of a president matter and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19 pass blame onto others and mislead the American people I will do the opposite.pic.twitter.com/6ZViv3tdW7
The Trump Admin failed to provide enough testing PPE and safety enforcement Workers have gotten sick plants have closed and the meat supply is at risk It's past time workers have the protections they need to stay healthy and do their job safely. …
"I wish he were president right now but I can't wait until he is if all of us do our part to support the kind of person that we want back in the White House. HillaryClinton Join us pic.twitter.com/xyy85Q0R6e
Wear a mask in public Read your daily briefings Listen to the experts This really isn't rocket science It's common sense.
Throughout our history we have emerged from every crisis stronger than before and we will again.
We owe a profound debt of gratitude to the health care workers on the front lines of this fight I checked in with Monica an ICU Nurse to talk about how she's getting through this and to thank her for all she's doing:pic.twitter.com/PLuEZWO5aQ
I couldn't agree with HillaryClinton more We need a president who will listen to the science bring us together and lead with compassion and heart If I have the honor of being elected that's the exact kind of president I will be.pic.twitter.com/g7z1C8SH7e
There are nearly 330 million people in the United States and according to the Trump White House we've only conducted 5.4 million COVID-19 tests It's abysmal Donald Trump needs to scale up testing and he needs to do it immediately.
Let me be very clear No one is expendable We shouldn’t allow rationing of health care that discriminates based on age or disability.
The fact is there has been so much unnecessary death in this country If we had listened to the experts and heeded their warnings it could have been stopped short But Donald Trump failed to act and now the American people are paying the price.pic.twitter.com/oXeANYvD7T
I’ve known HillaryClinton for years and know that her dedication and passion for bettering our country are second to none I’m grateful for her endorsement and for her friendship and look forward to working alongside her to get Donald Trump out of the White House.pic.twitter.com/rv3BuW2BUx
COVID-19 is affecting the entire nation but the impact doesn’t look the same for everyone I'm hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women and I'll be joined by special guest Hillary Clinton Tune in now to watch: …
If you're excited too join us at 3 PM ET:
(I'm with her.) …
We're months into this crisis and workers still don't have enough protective equipment there still aren't enough tests and the death toll continues to rise The President should spend less time congratulating himself and more time doing his job. …
We are months into this crisis and health care workers still don’t have the protective equipment they need It’s a national disgrace. …
Tomorrow afternoon I'll be hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women and I'll be joined by a special guest Tune in at 3 PM ET to watch pic.twitter.com/nw44aea7UP
The Trump Administration could have helped prevent this But once again they failed to take action and now the American people are paying the price. …
Testing is the springboard we need to help get our economy safely up and running again Trump could rapidly scale it up He hasn’t Instead he’s passed blame and pushed sole responsibility to governors We've got to do better …
COVID-19 is a danger to everyone We will stop it by coming together as one America not by targeting others Thank you for helping lead this fight AndrewYang. …
Join Senator Kamala Harris and Symone Sanders for a town hall addressing the impact and disparities of COVID-19 in the Black community Tune in now: …
COVID-19 can hit anyone anywhere but it doesn’t affect every community equally This afternoon join Senator KamalaHarris and SymoneDSanders for a discussion on its disproportionate impact on communities of color Tune in at 3:30 PM ET pic.twitter.com/lzco7XHP53
We want our country to get moving and healthy again But we must take the necessary rational steps grounded in science to do so safely so COVID-19 doesn’t come roaring back. …
I'm incredibly honored by SpeakerPelosi's endorsement and grateful for her historic leadership in Congress Together we helped pass Obamacare and together we can not only bring this country back from the brink from this current crisis but transform it. …
America has always met every big challenge with an even bigger solution this moment should be no different We need an infrastructure program that will combat climate change and create good-paying jobs at the same time.
Wealthy firms with ties to Trump got millions while countless small businesses were turned away No wonder he wanted no one to watch how the money was deployed The American people deserve rigorous oversight and small businesses deserve relief Now. …
The American people are stepping up and rising to meet this moment It's time for our president to do the same.
Now more than ever we need a president who will choose hope over fear unity over division truth over lies and science over fiction.pic.twitter.com/RmUuKLc70X
Imagine the future we can build with Donald Trump out of the White House A future where Health care is a right We combat climate change We end our gun violence epidemic Our government works for all not just the powerful Let’s build that future together.
The workers on the front lines of this crisis are risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve. …
366 days ago we launched this campaign 192 days from now we’ll beat Donald Trump Let’s go win this thing together.pic.twitter.com/yDbpcKgXwZ
I bet this made their day Thank you for stepping up and doing what you can to help those on the front lines of this fight.
Michelle this is a great idea Thank you for doing what you can to ensure folks have the masks they need to stay safe.
Julie I can’t thank you enough for all you’re doing to ensure folks have food and supplies during this crisis.
This is great Addie Tell your mom and sister I say thank you for lending a helping hand to your neighbors.
Amanda this is remarkable Thank you for stepping up and supporting our front line heroes I know the staff will greatly appreciate your donations.
Today folks across the nation have showed their compassion by participating in our first ever SOULSaturday Tune in now as we end the day with a celebration for our campaign’s one year anniversary: …
One year ago we launched this campaign Whether you were on TeamJoe from day one or have joined in recent weeks I’m incredibly grateful for your support and hope I make you proud Together we’re going to beat Donald Trump unite this country and transform our nation.
It’s stories like these that make me so proud to be an American and make me confident that we will overcome this Because there’s nothing the American people have been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
After seeing the shortage of masks around the country Marilyn decided to step up and organize efforts in Northern Virginia to make homemade masks Because of her selfless work countless front line workers have the masks they need to stay safe.
Older adults are especially vulnerable to COVID-19 Recognizing that Erica decided to organize youth in her community to buy groceries for seniors ensuring they receive the food they need while staying safe at home She's a true hero.
Brien usually works at the Ford Plant in Rawsonville Michigan driving a semi But when the plant started assembling much-needed ventilators he courageously stepped up and volunteered to help His selfless actions will no doubt save countless lives.
John a Facilities Maintainer from Staten Island recently contracted and survived the coronavirus Shortly after he recovered a colleague contracted the virus and needed plasma to battle it John heroically stepped up and donated his plasma to help his coworker.
Across the country people are stepping up and doing incredible things amid this pandemic It’s who we are as Americans—in times of crisis we stand as one For SOULSaturday I called a few folks to thank them for all they’re doing Here are some of their stories:
Tonight we’re hosting a SOULSaturday rally to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign Join us at 7 PM ET pic.twitter.com/3Bk3Dmml9e
We may be physically apart but folks across the country are coming together to check in on their neighbors and thank our front line heroes Use SOULSaturday to show how you’re participating today.pic.twitter.com/2IXqofhlao
When I announced my campaign one year ago today I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation One year later that is as true as it has ever been I believe we can and we will emerge from this crisis a stronger better and fairer nation Together as one America.pic.twitter.com/OpLWsvUc39
Donald Trump needs to step up and do everything he can to give our front line workers the protective equipment they need.pic.twitter.com/pSTfvFlyQ7
I know times are tough but we have to campaign as hard as ever to take the strongest fight possible to Donald Trump He has a lot more money than us and we need your help to close the gap If you can please chip in today: …
Folks to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign we'll be hosting a SOULSaturday Rally tomorrow night We may be physically apart but I hope you'll join us in coming together at 7 PM ET pic.twitter.com/fA5ouDt4Ji
The health of the American people is not a joke Mr President. …
I can’t believe I have to say this but please don’t drink bleach.
Let me be clear This crisis isn’t about you Mr President.pic.twitter.com/w6Ntdc5pEy
Today we remember the atrocities faced by the Armenian people in the Metz Yeghern the Armenian Genocide If elected I pledge to support a resolution recognizing the Armenian Genocide and will make universal human rights a top priority. …
No matter who you supported throughout the primary I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign You’re not just wanted you’re needed Together we will beat Donald Trump and transform this nation Join us pic.twitter.com/Yj1Ua9m8Aq
These folks are American heroes. …
I know this is a dark time for so many people just know that we will get through this We will emerge from this crisis stronger than ever before.pic.twitter.com/42QY9zGvkk
UV light Injecting disinfectant Here’s an idea Mr President more tests Now And protective equipment for actual medical professionals. …
The words of a president matter never more than in times of crisis A president should seek to calm and heal provide a steady hand and a clear path forward Instead this is what we get from Donald Trump:pic.twitter.com/0H5NTAqbY3
Donald Trump will always put his wealthy and well-connected friends first that should come as no surprise But to allow the banks to do it on the backs of small business owners in the middle of a global pandemic is a new low even for him. …
To celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign we're hosting our first SOULSaturday this weekend Folks across the nation will be taking time to check-in on neighbors and thank those on the front lines of this fight I hope you'll join us pic.twitter.com/U4WHSkzvSb
As Muslim families across America and around the world celebrate the beginning of Ramadan DrBiden and I want to extend our best wishes to all who are observing this holy month Ramadan Mubarak. …
Times of crisis often bring out our best There are so many stories of good happening around the world amid the COVID-19 pandemic Take a minute to read a few: …
26 million people unemployed That's not just a statistic every one is a life thrown into uncertainty Every worker left wondering when they will next see a paycheck is part of this American crisis and Donald Trump isn't doing enough for them. …
Unlike our current president I will always choose science over fiction. …
Make no mistake The climate crisis poses an existential threat to our future But I know the American people have the spirit power and ingenuity to meet the challenge head-on There’s nothing we’ve been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
Workers like grocery store cashiers are on the front lines of this crisis risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running President Trump is refusing to do his job but we've got to do ours Learn more ShopSmart
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump.
We have the power to change the future of our planet and it starts at the ballot box this November.pic.twitter.com/9COHq8TRZ8
This EarthDay let’s recommit to doing everything in our power to combat climate change That starts with voting Donald Trump out of the White House this November.
Stranger things have happened.
Fifty years ago EarthDay began as a day of organizing that demonstrated the power of community action This year it’s also a reminder of everything that’s on the line if we do not get Donald Trump out of the White House. …
The climate emergency requires our urgent action As president I will Ensure we achieve a 100 clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by 2050 Rejoin the ParisAgreement and rally the world to go further Make the largest-ever investment in clean energy
Join me on Earth Day for a virtual town hall with special guest Al Gore on one of the most pressing issues facing our country and the world Tune in now: …
Join me on EarthDay for a virtual town hall on one of the most pressing issues facing the world Tune in at 2:30 PM ET pic.twitter.com/bfWur90iEw
Throughout my career I've been committed to the fight against climate change And on day one as president I'll get to work taking the drastic action we need to address this crisis EarthDaypic.twitter.com/CTbTiwxI4Y
On EarthDay we're reminded that there is no more urgent crisis facing this nation or the world than the threat posed by climate change We have to take drastic action before it’s too late and that’s exactly what I will do as president pic.twitter.com/4KwlWtOibd
Folks we just launched a special EarthDay episode of Here's the Deal Governor JayInslee joins me for a discussion on COVID-19 climate change and why he's supporting our campaign Listen to the full episode now pic.twitter.com/DRJyrZ5njV
The Trump Administration promised 27 million tests by the end of March As of now only 4 million have been completed It’s unacceptable We can’t safely reopen the economy without scaling up testing and we can’t effectively scale up testing unless Donald Trump does his job.
The Paycheck Protection Program was intended to send help to the small businesses that needed it most but President Trump adopted an approach to help his high-priced friends We've got to do better Here's what I would do if I were president: …
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is We need to immediately expand vote-by-mail online voter registration and early voting to ensure everyone can safely exercise their right to participate in our electoral process. …
I know COVID-19 is causing many people to feel anxious about what the future holds or lonely during this time of social distancing and that's okay just know that you're not alone I've asked my friend Dr Vivek Murthy to share a few tips on how to get through this:pic.twitter.com/Hx9TMlF2zP
This Holocaust Remembrance Day as we remember the millions of Jews who lost their lives at the hands of the Nazi regime we recommit to ensuring such atrocities never again occur With anti-Semitism on the rise all of us must root out intolerance and give hate no safe harbor.
Out of every trial and tribulation America has always emerged stronger and we will again We will not be defeated.
I am honored to have the endorsement of the League of Conservation Voters a leading environmental advocacy organization Climate change is an existential threat and there is no greater challenge and opportunity facing our country and our world. …
In March alone this campaign raised $46.7 million with 70 from online donations This virus has changed our campaign But it hasn't changed the unwavering support we've gotten from all of you Together we're going to defeat Trump Help keep us going:
The President needs to stop blaming others and do his job.
Tune in now as fred_guttenberg hosts a town hall on gun violence with StudentsForBiden 21 years after the Columbine High School massacre: …
No kid should fear for their life at school no parent should worry whether their kid will come home safe Today 21 years after the Columbine shooting fred_guttenberg will host a town hall with students on how we can end this epidemic Tune in at 7 PM pic.twitter.com/BDwrDawWnJ
The office of the presidency comes with the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world Every great president throughout our history has met that duty with the leadership it demands Donald Trump has not.pic.twitter.com/Dn9Gj50Dev
Like many families we have had to find new ways to stay connected while we're physically apart We've been video chatting with our grandchildren a lot and decided to record one to share with you all Take a look:pic.twitter.com/1pGtQGcDhj
On SOULSaturday folks will be doing everything from sewing masks and hosting food drives to writing letters to first responders and making calls to check in on neighbors We are all in this together–and I hope you'll join us by signing up to take action:
In times of crisis Americans stand as one We lend a hand to our neighbors and take care of those in need It's who we are In that spirit and to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign we're hosting S.O.U.L of the Nation Saturday this weekend.
We have to come together to make Donald Trump a one-term president Once we do that we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation we will transform it and create a better future for all.
On this week’s episode of Here’s the Deal Senator AmyKlobuchar joins me for a discussion on how COVID-19 has impacted her family and what drove her to get involved in politics Listen to the full episode at pic.twitter.com/YaLgMAQNff
At a time when Trump is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country my heart is with the families of those we lost in the Oklahoma City bombing 25 years ago today We must never give up the fight against these forces of hate and intolerance. …
Tune in to watch SymoneDSanders and actor TonyGoldwyn host a town hall on how COVID-19 has impacted workers in the entertainment industry:
DrBiden and I are keeping the loved ones of the more than 40,000 people in the U.S we've lost due to COVID-19 in our prayers This is a solemn day for our nation and there will be more hard days ahead But if we pull together we will get through this I promise. …
Tonight SymoneDSanders and actor TonyGoldwyn will be hosting a town hall focused on how COVID-19 is impacting workers in the entertainment industry Tune in at 7 PM ET to watch pic.twitter.com/VmSvAbIaon
To everyone working on the front lines of this crisis thank you We truly couldn't get through this without you.pic.twitter.com/vr10U5pca6
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks But I can promise you that when I'm President we will prepare better respond better and recover better We'll listen to the experts and heed their advice And I will always tell you the truth.
At a time when studies are linking air pollution with COVID-19 mortality rates for the most vulnerable in our society the Trump Administration is rolling back environmental protections allowing more poison into our air. …
As Kierkegaard said “faith sees best in the dark. I've always believed that This pandemic is keeping many communities apart but we've still got to keep the faith Jill and I are wishing a Happy Easter to all of the Orthodox Christians celebrating around the world. …
The United States should be standing up for freedom and standing with the people of Hong Kong Instead Trump has said he's “standing with Xi Jinping. That's weak We need to be strong on values when it comes to China That's what I'll do as president. …
I couldn't be prouder of my friends LadyGaga and Chris Martin of Coldplay for organizing the GlblCtzn One World TogetherAtHome broadcast We are all in this fight together and if we stand as one we will defeat COVID-19. …
On Sunday night SymoneDSanders and actor TonyGoldwyn will be hosting an unemployment town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting entertainment workers Tune in tomorrow at 7 PM ET to watch live pic.twitter.com/NEMjeyisJx
We will not be defeated.pic.twitter.com/PSbYSIE4CM
Donald Trump left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime and now we're paying the price.pic.twitter.com/aCxcqQqUqw
Donald Trump says he’s a wartime president it’s time for him to act like one.
Donald Trump may not like it but it's his responsibility to step up and lead our nation's testing strategy Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and returning to some semblance of normalcy. …
Donald Trump continues to do the exact thing we teach our kids not to do blame others It’s always somebody else's fault never his It’s unbelievable We deserve better from our commander in chief.pic.twitter.com/ZNEDGwozyu
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19 but he is responsible for our slow uncoordinated response Experts say that if we had acted two weeks earlier more lives could have been saved Trump failed to take swift action—and we're paying the price. …
President Trump is trying to rewrite history when it comes to China and COVID-19 but the facts don't back him up Tony Blinken was the Deputy Secretary of State and is one of my top foreign policy advisors He'll explain.pic.twitter.com/si3vDHnF2r
The uncomfortable truth is that Donald Trump left America exposed and vulnerable to this pandemic He ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies and put his trust in China's leaders instead Now we're all paying the price Let me explain how we got here:pic.twitter.com/esvCaGki9V
I know the American people will beat this We’re brave and big-hearted We’ve emerged stronger from every crisis that has tested us as a nation and we will again.
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic No one feeling ill should have to choose between earning a paycheck or staying home to recover We need to provide paid sick leave to everyone who needs it immediately.
It's been a big week President Obama Senator Sanders and Senator Warren all endorsed our campaign and we need your help to keep this momentum going I know times are tough but if you're able please chip in today: …
Together we will defeat Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/2nF0qVGGaH
Today’s news that more than 22 million people filed unemployment claims over the last month is devastating It’s clear more needs to be done to help hardworking Americans—so I’m calling for a bigger bolder approach to keeping people on the job Read more: …
These racist acts have got to stop No one should be targeted for what they look like where they or their ancestors come from or who they are COVID-19 is a danger to everyone We will stop it by coming together—not by targeting people of AAPI heritage. …
Here's the simple truth This nation has never been defeated when we're together and we're not going to be defeated now We will overcome this.pic.twitter.com/7Irkhnbf6I
When we emerge from this crisis we can't just go back to the way things were We need to build a better future for all.
To combat COVID-19 we need a decisive public health response to curb its spread and a comprehensive economic response that delivers real relief to Americans I've released several plans outlining exactly what I would do if I were president Take a look: …
When somebody is President of the United States the responsibility is total.pic.twitter.com/hmhkBymGob
So this week we’re working through what ours will be There are a few I know compassion kindness humility gratitude and joy But I want your help Our supporters have been here from the start—and I want to know what should be in our campaign’s code?
We won’t defeat this President by being like him We’ll win by doing the opposite Where he seeks to divide us we’ll connect people Where he shows cruelty we’ll show compassion And when he fights we’ll fight harder But we can’t do it without you.
Mayor PeteButtigieg’s campaign had a set of “rules of the road that helped define the character of his campaign and his supporters I think it’s a good idea and one I’d like TeamJoe to adopt.
In the Biden family we have a code My mom used to always tell me “Joey no one is better than you Everyone is your equal and everyone is equal to you. I’m working on building one for our campaign too.
Managing an economic relief and recovery effort is hard painstaking work The devil is in the details It’s all about follow-through I've done the work before and I'll be ready to do it on day one as president. …
We are building the movement that will beat Donald Trump Join us pic.twitter.com/pHIXCHZ0cm
Millions of folks are relying on the workers at the front lines of this crisis I’ll be talking to a few of them for our virtual town hall Tune in: …
This afternoon I’ll be hosting a virtual town hall with a few workers on the front lines of this crisis Tune in at 3:00 PM ET to watch live pic.twitter.com/koBtR3Ahq7
COVID-19 is amplifying so many inequities in our society We have to ensure support gets to those who need it immediately and then do the necessary work to rip out the structural racism that creates these inequalities. …
The President’s vanity is preventing people from paying their bills. …
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and I’m proud to have the fiercest of fighters Senator EWarren on my side With her help we’re going to beat Donald Trump and create a government that works for everyone not just the wealthy and well-connected Let’s do this. …
From my basement to your sneaker room Tune in Thursday at 11 PM ET on SHODesusAndMero to watch! …
I want Donald Trump to look these folks in the eye and explain to them why they or their loved ones haven’t been able to get tested for COVID-19 We’ve got to do better.pic.twitter.com/CUY6nmCPjl
Let’s do this.pic.twitter.com/INkan0GxGL
Millions of people are relying on the workers on the front lines of this crisis Tomorrow I’ll be joined by a few of them for a virtual town hall Tune in tomorrow at 3PM ET pic.twitter.com/KrSwKV84QT
You have great taste SpeakerPelosi. …
Stories like this showcase exactly who we are as Americans In times of crisis we stand as one We help out folks we've never met lift each other up and do our part to ensure we make it through We will overcome this together. …
President Obama understands as I do that we will come through this crisis stronger And then we’ll not only rebuild this nation we will transform it. …
Barack This endorsement means the world to Jill and me We’re going to build on the progress we made together and there’s no one I’d rather have standing by my side. …
Leadership is about never proclaiming power It’s about collaboration it’s about coming together in a crisis and finding common ground It’s about results That’s who I am and the role I aspire to fulfill in guiding this democratic nation to better times.
I am not running for office to be King of America I respect the Constitution I’ve read the Constitution I’ve sworn an oath to it many times I respect the great job so many of this country’s governors Democratic and Republican are doing under these horrific circumstances. …
I want to congratulate judgekarofsky on her hard-earned victory tonight In the face of rampant voter suppression and GOP recklessness the people of Wisconsin showed up and made their choice clear I know Wisconsin will be a fairer more just state with Jill on the court. …
I am grateful to have the support of so many Wisconsinites and proud of the courage and commitment folks showed during last week's primary but it should never have come to that No one should ever have to choose between their health and our democracy.pic.twitter.com/D4PpzYkter
It shouldn't take a global pandemic shutting down schools to end school shootings. …
For months the Trump Administration was repeatedly warned about the threat COVID-19 posed to our nation They ignored the experts failed to take action and now Americans are paying the price. …
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic We need a president who actually listens to public health experts. …
To Bernie’s supporters I see you I hear you and I understand the urgency of what it is we have to get done in this country I hope you will join us You are more than welcome on this campaign You’re needed.
Unity.pic.twitter.com/cZxaRCY8jr
I'm speaking now about our nation's economic response to COVID - and I'll have a special guest with me Tune in: …
Folks I hope you'll join my 2:00 PM Economic Response to COVID-19 remarks I'll be joined by a special guest Tune in at 2:00 PM to watch live pic.twitter.com/KmSe2QvcQD
Our U.S Postal Service workers are at the front lines of this crisis Millions of people are relying on them for things like medicine and other essentials And the President is trying to let them fail Congress should do everything it can to prevent this. …
Tune in at 2:00 PM today for remarks on the urgent and dire need for a full economic response to COVID-19 at
For this episode of Here’s the Deal Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jon Meacham joined me to discuss presidential leadership and what it should look like in times of crisis You can listen to the full episode at or wherever you get your podcasts.pic.twitter.com/tXjopC10xz
We're facing a crisis unlike any we've faced before and I couldn't be prouder of how the American people are responding.pic.twitter.com/wK1mDPDl9b
To everyone on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 thank you We truly couldn't get through this without you.
As we prepare to reopen America we have to remember what this crisis has taught us The administration’s failure to plan to prepare to honestly assess and communicate the threat to the nation led to catastrophic results We cannot repeat those mistakes. …
Folks we just released a special Sunday episode of Here’s the Deal RevDrBarber joined me for a discussion on faith and its intersection with some of the most pressing issues we face as a nation Listen at or wherever you get your podcasts.pic.twitter.com/TJWyyWbVIC
This Easter Jill and I wish all of you and your families a safe and joyful celebration and we join our prayers with those of people from every faith for health happiness and a renewal of life in the year to come. …
We are in the middle of a global pandemic and people need access to health care now more than ever Donald Trump should reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately.
This new enemy may be unseen but we have the tools the expertise the will and the spirit to defeat it There is nothing the American people can't accomplish if we work together.
We need to help as many working families and small businesses as possible Workers who have lost their jobs or seen their hours slashed and families who are struggling to pay rent and put food on the table need help immediately There's no time to waste. …
We are months into this crisis and our heroes on the front lines still don't have the protective equipment they need to stay safe It's unconscionable Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act immediately.pic.twitter.com/wudATlE3wr
Now more than ever we have to choose hope over fear unity over division truth over lies and science over fiction.
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to expand the number of testing sites and surge the number of tests Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and finding a way out of this crisis. …
The American people are strong tough brave and big-hearted There's nothing we can't do if we do it together.
No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a global pandemic We need to freeze rent for people who lose their jobs and place a ban on evictions immediately. …
We need a president who demonstrates the leadership to address every aspect of this pandemic including the spate of racist incidents targeting Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders with urgency and seriousness Donald Trump is not that president. …
The folks on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes.pic.twitter.com/ZBwPwiVTL9
La historia de los EE.UU es la historia de gente común que hace cosas extraordinarias S que unidos y como una nación nosotros somos más fuertes que este virus S que superaremos esto y seremos más fuertes por ello se lo prometo No pierdan la fe.pic.twitter.com/89o4gSMNWF
The health inequities being exposed by COVID-19 are unconscionable We can do better We have to.pic.twitter.com/2T1hcOas9z
Whether you supported Bernie or any other candidate throughout the primary know that there is a home for you in our campaign You're not just welcome you're needed And I will do everything I can to earn your vote this November.
America’s story is one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things given half a chance This virus is tough But together and as a nation we're tougher I know we’ll get through this and we’ll be stronger for it I promise you Keep the faith.pic.twitter.com/dC8JvRWPMC
The stakes in this election have never been higher We have to come together and beat Donald Trump.
This virus can hit anyone regardless of race economic status or access to power but it doesn’t impact every community equally It hits hardest those who are most vulnerable and who have the fewest resources We have to do better for all our people. …
The devastating unemployment numbers have made one thing even clearer We need a fourth coronavirus relief package and we need it fast We need to take extraordinary steps to protect American families and ensure those laid off are made financially whole. …
This morning's news of another rise in unemployment claims—on top of the millions already filed—is devastating We have to make sure those affected get the benefits they deserve but we can't stop there I'm announcing two new policies to help Americans get the relief they need:pic.twitter.com/fUlIB2Fra2
I can't believe I have to say this but we should be expanding the number of testing sites and surging the number of tests not reducing them Testing is key to finding a way out of this crisis. …
We have to do more to ease the economic burden on working people So today I'm adopting two new policies to help deliver relief As president I will Lower Medicare eligibility to age 60 Forgive student debt for low-income and middle class …
Let me be clear No one should have to pay for their coronavirus treatment.
Eleven-year-old Isaac Johnston asked me what else kids should be doing in addition to washing their hands and staying home My advice was simple Stay a safe distance from friends Sneeze into your elbow And eat your vegetablespic.twitter.com/ksPS4Xb7Wm
A total of about 17 million people have filed for unemployment over the last three weeks This is unprecedented The economic devastation that families all across this country are experiencing is not their fault We've got to take extraordinary steps to protect them. …
We're seeing the soul of our nation on full display every day in this crisis and it makes me so proud to be an American.pic.twitter.com/PERwpmeL2X
If we come together we will defeat Donald Trump And when we do that we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation we will transform it.
This nation has never been defeated when we’re together And we’re not going to be defeated now.
Join our virtual town hall on unemployment and the issues currently facing working families across the nation Tune in now: …
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault but the slow and chaotic response to it is He's the commander in chief it's time he steps up takes responsibility and does his job.pic.twitter.com/UFM5lPyzU3
The primary is over but we're just getting started We're building a campaign to defeat Donald Trump and ensure that America finally lives up to our founding promises but we can't do it without your help If you're with us chip in today: …
In the wake of COVID-19 working families across the country are facing a whole new set of challenges This afternoon I'll be hosting a town hall to listen to folks concerns and discuss what we should be doing to deliver relief Tune in at 5:30 PM ET pic.twitter.com/Xzgoj0E4vB
Together we will defeat Donald Trump But we will also address the climate crisis We will make college affordable And we will make health care available to all We will not just rebuild this nation we’ll transform it And I’m asking you to join me.
And to Bernie’s supporters I know that I need to earn your votes And I know that might take time But I want you to know that I see you I hear you and I understand the urgency of this moment I hope you'll join us You're more than welcome You're needed.
We know how hard this is You have put the interest of the nation and the need to defeat Donald Trump above all else And for that we’re grateful But we want you to know we’ll be reaching out You’ll be heard by me As you say Not me Us.
To Bernie and Jane as friends from Jill and me You haven’t just run a political campaign you’ve created a movement And make no mistake about it we believe it’s a movement that is as powerful today as it was yesterday That’s a good thing for our nation and our future.
I know Bernie well He’s a good man a great leader and one of the most powerful voices for change in our country And it’s hard to sum up his contributions to our politics in one single tweet So I won’t try to.
As Jewish families across America and around the world prepare to observe the first night of Passover Jill and I want to say chag sameach and offer our very best wishes to all who are celebrating. …
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act to deliver these life-saving supplies. …
We’re starting to see evidence that long-term exposure to air pollution—which disproportionately affects communities of color low-income communities—is linked to COVID-19 death rates It's past time we treat pollution like the threat to our health it is. …
The weeks ahead will be some of the toughest we’ve ever experienced as a nation We need to face them with the same spirit and resolve that have guided us through previous crises Because out of every trial and tribulation America has always emerged stronger and we will again.
Folks I know these are tough times but this crisis has made it clearer than ever how much elections matter and what a difference it makes who is in the White House If you can please chip in to fuel our campaign I would really appreciate it. …
Jill and I send our heartfelt condolences to the entire Graves family As the founder of Black Enterprise Earl Graves Sr was a trailblazer in his own right a leader in the American business community and paved the way for many Black entrepreneurs to realize their dreams.
On WorldHealthDay we thank the tireless health care workers fighting COVID-19 and we see clearly why protecting the health of Americans requires U.S global leadership—to coordinate an international response strengthen health systems everywhere and prevent the next pandemic.
Secretary Modly's resignation is appropriate and called for His disparaging remarks were far beneath the dignity of the office he held Our sailors our nation and Captain Crozier deserve better. …
What do Fig Newtons and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have in common Listen to this preview of this week's podcast to find out and then check out the full episode at or wherever you get your podcasts.pic.twitter.com/AfL018UA4h
Congressman John Lewis is a moral giant who has spent his entire life pushing our nation to live up to our highest ideals I'm honored to call him a friend and grateful to have him by my side in this battle for the soul of our nation.pic.twitter.com/kqwe6CGre1
We're going to get through this Together.pic.twitter.com/Te1Ep3RG2y
For months I called on President Trump to step up and take the action necessary to combat COVID-19 But week after week he downplayed the threat it posed misled the American people and failed to act Take a look: …
Judy from itsJudysLife asked an important question during our Family Town Hall on COVID-19 What extra precautions should expectant mothers be taking at this time Listen to what former U.S Surgeon General Dr Vivek Murthy had to say:pic.twitter.com/Z1el7lgoyJ
We need a president who actually listens to the experts and heeds their advice. …
Mr President I hope we can gather in Milwaukee but that is going to depend on you stepping up and doing what needs to be done to handle this pandemic I have laid out how you can do that … Happy to discuss anytime. …
Folks our second episode of Here’s the Deal is live This week GovWhitmer joins me for a discussion on COVID-19 President Trump’s personal attacks and the importance of bipartisanship to deliver results Listen at or wherever you get your podcasts.
It is close to criminal the way they’re dealing with Captain Crozier He spoke up to protect his sailors he should have a commendation not be fired.pic.twitter.com/ZnadEsljxX
During our Family Town Hall on COVID-19 I was asked what we can do to prevent this from happening again Here’s where I'd start:pic.twitter.com/A4M8u9W2SR
During these uncertain times getting the right information out there is so important Myself and DrBiden had the opportunity to host a conversation about COVID-19 with 3 family vloggers ItsJudysLife J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers Tune in now:
These health care workers and all those on the front lines of this fight are American heroes. …
Every day that Donald Trump refuses to use the full power of the Defense Production Act further threatens American lives.
We all want to protect our families the first step is arming ourselves with the facts DrBiden and I hosted a town hall on COVID-19 with three family YouTubers ItsJudysLife J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers Tune in tonight at 7PM EDT pic.twitter.com/gIEPo2PjuO
We are at war with this virus and the health care workers on the front lines are our soldiers It is unacceptable that they don’t have the lifesaving masks gowns and protective gear they need. …
Out of every crisis America has always emerged stronger and we will again We will not be defeated.pic.twitter.com/HLR9WBZBhR
Donald Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately This is no time to put pettiness and ideology above helping those who are in the greatest need Lives are at stake. …
Jill and I had the pleasure of hosting a town hall with family vloggers ItsJudysLife The Curly Coopers and JHouse Vlogs where we answered their questions about the COVID-19 outbreak Tune in to the premiere on Sunday at 7PM ET pic.twitter.com/9fqyYsGwMJ
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus but he is responsible for failing to prepare our nation to respond to it.
We owe so much to those working around the clock to keep our country running during this crisis The least we can do is provide the pay benefits and protections they need and deserve. …
We need a Supply Commander to step up and take charge and get the doctors nurses health care workers first responders firefighters and cops the equipment they need to protect themselves and save lives. …
In January while Donald Trump was downplaying COVID-19 I wrote an op-ed calling for immediate action to combat the growing threat In it I also said Trump was the worst possible leader to deal with a public health crisis I stand by that statement. …
Throughout the campaign I’ve talked a lot about the soul of our nation we’re seeing that soul on full display There’s so much good happening people reaching out to one another neighbors helping neighbors caring for those in need It makes me so proud to be an American. …
My friend GabbyGiffords knows what it takes to persevere in the face of uncertainty Take a few minutes to read these powerful words from her on how we can get through this together. …
This is a headline every American should see “Trump administration ended pandemic early-warning program to detect coronaviruses Donald Trump’s shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared to deal with this outbreak. …
Those are the kinds of questions Trump will be responsible for He doesn’t have a great record when it comes to delivering on promises but I hope this time is different Being president is about taking responsibility The blame game won’t cut it Too many lives are at stake.
The CARES Act provides money to help working people—how do we make sure it gets to them as quickly as possible There’s money for major corporations—how do we make sure that there is rigorous oversight to ensure it is used to help workers and not enrich top executives?
I’ve done this work before It’s hard painstaking work I was in charge of administering the $800 billion Recovery Act so I understand that the devil is in the details It’s about follow-through.
I’ve put together a checklist for making the economic relief and recovery effort work for families workers and small businesses I encourage President Trump to adopt any and all of the ideas. …
Families across the country are impacted by COVID-19—and it can be especially difficult to explain to children Jill and I spoke with ItsJudysLife JHouseVlogs and The Curly Coopers to answer their questions about the crisis Tune in on Sunday at 7PM ET pic.twitter.com/TUQnhOroTU
Captain Crozier was faithful to his duty—both to his sailors and his country Navy leadership sent a chilling message about speaking truth to power The poor judgment here belongs to the Trump Admin not a courageous officer trying to protect his sailors.pic.twitter.com/AkGFdlYjwt
This is another clear warning sign that more needs to be done to keep as many people on payroll as possible Fast bold action to bolster American workers now will save more pain later Congress must get to work immediately on the next package We can't afford to waste time. …
Now more than ever we need to choose hope over fear We will beat COVID-19 We will overcome this Together.
Wisconsin you have until 5 PM CT tonight to request your mail-in absentee ballot ahead of next week’s primary Head to to request yours today.pic.twitter.com/6Ldcy3QBT6
The evidence is clear Donald Trump ignored the warnings He failed to act And now Americans are paying the price. …
Real courage is confronting something that you're afraid to do and doing it anyway That’s what people across this country are doing every single day in the face of this crisis They are American heroes.pic.twitter.com/KQQiU9P8xz
In order for our government to work for all Americans it's important it be representative of all Americans With openly LGBTQ individuals only making up .17 of elected officials we have work to do This National OutToWin Day I'm asking Will you run?
I'm about to roll out my plan to make the economic recovery work Tune in now: …
My heart goes out to the millions of Americans who filed unemployment claims in recent weeks and the millions more who worry what next week holds for them Donald Trump needs to take action to ensure Americans receive the economic relief they need as soon as possible. …
I know many folks are feeling anxious and worried I just want you to know that you're not alone Americans in every corner of the country are feeling the same exact way you are We may be physically apart but we are all in this together and we will overcome this I promise.
Our health care workers on the front lines of this fight still don’t have the masks gowns and other protective equipment they need It’s unacceptable Add your name to demand Donald Trump use his full authority to deliver these lifesaving supplies: …
The economic damage from this public health crisis is both rising and deepening at an alarming rate It is putting working families and the American middle class through unimaginable financial pain and they need to be made whole as fast as possible. …
It's now April and States still don't have enough tests Hospitals still don't have enough ventilators Health care workers still don't have enough masks Donald Trump needs to use all available authorities immediately to solve these shortages.
At a time when Americans might need health care the most the Trump Administration is preventing people who need insurance from getting it Their cruelty truly knows no bounds.pic.twitter.com/PelIrNxBNQ
Amigos ¡es el Día del Censo Solo toma unos minutos completar el Censo pero ayudar a determinar el futuro de su comunidad para la próxima década Visite para que lo cuenten hoy.
This callous decision will cost lives Period. …
Folks it’s Census Day The Census only takes a few minutes to complete but will help determine the future of your community for the next decade Head to to get counted today.
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need.
Thank you to the governors who are meeting this moment with decisive action a steady hand and compassionate leadership Thank you for stepping up when President Trump has not.
The words of a president matter.pic.twitter.com/OteNK4CWbU
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic and the Trump Administration is preventing people from getting health care I can’t believe this needs to be said but President Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment and he needs to do it now Lives are at stake. …
Hoy al honrar la vida y el legado del activista César Chávez también agradecemos a los más de 2 millones de trabajadores agrícolas que están en primera línea trabajando para mantener a los estadounidenses alimentados y sanos durante esta pandemia. …
Today as we honor the life and legacy of civil rights and labor movement activist César Chávez we also thank the more than 2 million farmworkers who are on the frontlines working to keep Americans fed and healthy during this pandemic …
Tonight marks our biggest public end-of-quarter deadline of the campaign so far I know times are tough but what’s at stake in this election has never been clearer If you could chip in to help us reach our goal I would really appreciate it: …
It's 2020 it’s unacceptable that women still don’t get equal pay for equal work Let’s close the gender pay gap and end EqualPayDay once and for all.pic.twitter.com/GH6rASk0wH
In the midst of a pandemic the Trump Administration chose to expend effort to attempt to disestablish the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe’s reservation IStandwithMashpee and with all of Indian Country …
Today and every day DrBiden and I are proud to stand with the trans community We see you we support you and we will continue to do everything we can to ensure you are affirmed and accepted just as you are TransDayOfVisibility
As president I would never send an American soldier anywhere in the world without the equipment and protection they need We should not do any less for the heroes on the front lines of the battle we’re in now.pic.twitter.com/ZWNExlKq3H
I'm confident that the American people will meet this moment There’s never been a challenge we've been unable to overcome if we do it together.
We have to place a temporary ban on evictions nationwide No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic.
In order to combat COVID-19 we need both a decisive public health response and a decisive economic response I’ve laid out exactly what I would do if I were president during this crisis take a look:
Our health care workers are putting their lives on the line every day and our president is accusing them of stealing lifesaving supplies It's time for Donald Trump to do his job so our heroes are able to do theirs Lives are at stake.pic.twitter.com/qiwRjrVUYz
This is unconscionable Americans are already afraid of the impact the deadly COVID-19 pandemic is having on their lives they don't need the added stress of losing their health insurance Drop the lawsuit. …
I know these are confusing and scary times so for the first episode of our new podcast I sat down with Ron Klain former White House Ebola Response Coordinator to help provide some clarity around COVID-19 Listen at or wherever you get your podcasts.pic.twitter.com/bCd1houIqo
The medical professionals on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes risking their lives in order to save others We owe them more than we could ever repay but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe NationalDoctorsDay
President Trump should be using the Defense Production Act to get our first responders and health care providers the masks gowns and protective equipment they need This is a matter of life and death. …
The American people are generous decent good and fair In times of crisis we come together as one We look out for our neighbors and lend a hand to those in need We will get through this together I promise.
Not a joke folks we just launched our new podcast It’s called "Here's the Deal. For our first episode I sat down with Ron Klain former White House Ebola Response Coordinator for a discussion on COVID-19 Listen at or wherever you get your podcasts.
I am issuing this challenge to the President in the next 48 hours direct the production and distribution of respirator masks gloves protective face shields and gowns to fill every supply request made by a governor to the federal government Lives are at stake.
We will overcome this together.
As president I will always choose hope over fear unity over division truth over lies and science over fiction.
It's hard to read this story and not conclude one thing The Trump Administration failed the American people. …
Instacart needs to step up and give their workers the protections and pay they need and deserve Now. …
Dreamers are Americans We should never endanger or throw into question their ability to contribute to our nation but to do so in a moment of national crisis is beyond misguided. …
The folks working to keep our country running are true heroes and we need to ensure they have the protections accommodations and benefits they need and deserve We couldn't get through this without them. …
Donald Trump’s ego will cost lives.pic.twitter.com/JNcGny13KO
Losing a loved one is incredibly difficult but it’s even harder when you’re not able to be with them in their final moments and that’s what’s happening around the country because of the coronavirus It’s heartbreaking and I’m keeping everyone affected in my prayers.pic.twitter.com/vAISTRxi5O
The Administration promised millions of tests by mid-March But it's not happening fast enough Where are the tests Mr President? …
Mr President this isn’t about you it’s about the health of the American people Stop making everything personal You are the president of all 50 states not just the ones that voted for you or that have governors who “treat you right. It’s time you acted like it. …
Let me be clear No one should have to pay for coronavirus testing or treatment.
Last night the great Rev Joseph E Lowery passed away leaving an indelible mark on our country's history towards progress He never once wavered in his spirit and in the resolve to end injustice wherever he saw it Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. …
I just wrapped up tonight’s CNN town hall where we discussed COVID-19 and how we move forward I know times are tough but the stakes in this election have never been higher If you could chip in a few dollars I would really appreciate it. …
You can't deal with the economic crisis until you deal with the public health crisis It's a false choice. …
In response to the economic impact of COVID-19 we need to provide immediate relief to those who are drowning in student debt.pic.twitter.com/kyZstGHHCG
Join me and the hardworking folks on the frontlines of the COVID-19 outbreak for a virtual round table Tune in now: …
This afternoon I’ll be sitting down for a conversation with nurses firefighters and emergency medical technicians on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 Tune in at 4:15 ET to join us:
Patients need ventilators Nurses need equipment And Donald Trump is attacking people who dare to do something about it I thank God every day for people like GovWhitmer who are doing the work he won’t. …
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault but his inept response is He ignored the warnings for months downplayed the threat it posed and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak It's one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
It’s never a matter of if another pandemic will happen it’s just a matter of when and it’s the president’s job to ensure we’re ready Donald Trump's careless shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared and now Americans are paying the price. …
The relief bill passed by Congress was a good start but now we need to Forgive at least $10,000 of student loan debt per person Provide emergency paid sick leave to everyone who needs it Ensure no one has to pay for COVID-19 treatment or an eventual vaccine
The American people are incredible Across the country folks are pulling together helping one another and doing what needs to be done to stop the spread I'm so darn proud to be an American.pic.twitter.com/bCyYCFBAML
President Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus but he bears full responsibility for the slow and uncoordinated response The harsh reality is that at least 3 million people now don’t have jobs because he didn’t do his job when it mattered. …
Thank you to the first responders health care providers grocery and retail workers and everyone on the front lines of this fight Your hard work is what makes America run every single day but especially in times of crisis We truly couldn't get through this without you.pic.twitter.com/kr8Q6Me77H
The Trump Administration misled the American people. …
We've gotta act now to keep the doors open for small businesses on Main Street It's simple The government provides the guarantees the banks have to move the loans out fast If they won't we need a financial version of the Defense Production Act to make it happen. …
If I were President here's what I would do right now Use all available authorities to turn the tide on this epidemic Launch a task force to ensure money rapidly gets to people who need it Bring leaders of Congress together to build the next …
Live from our homes to yours Looking forward to tonight JimmyKimmel. …
It's hard to believe this has to be said but if I'm elected president I will always lead the way with science I will listen to the experts and heed their advice I will do the opposite of what we’re seeing Donald Trump do every day.
Across the country ordinary people are stepping up and doing extraordinary things folks like Isaac and Stephanie who are creating supplies for their local hospitals Stories like this one make me so proud to be an American We will overcome this challenge together. …
The Senate passed a major economic relief package late last night It's a very important step but the key is how it will be executed If I were President here's how I'd make it work:pic.twitter.com/RmcOh0rRPL
"If the administration had reacted to the ventilator shortage in February a private sector effort starting now might have made lifesaving equipment in mid to late April Now it is unlikely to be before June. Donald Trump's inaction will cost lives. …
In times of crisis American presidents have always stepped up to meet the moment But all we've gotten from Donald Trump are lies excuses and scapegoats Trump has failed our country at a time when we need him most.pic.twitter.com/d2vxUHGiH0
Alright TeamJoe join us for Happy Hour Watch our virtual round table on the issues that matter to young folks: …
We will not allow this pandemic to rob our young people of the futures and the economic opportunities they have been working to build. …
Dr Fauci should be on TV a lot more than President Trump.pic.twitter.com/Q6Oa9kGCZr
Alright folks We're doing a happy hour tonight and you're invited Join us at 6:30 PM ET at
I'm about to deliver remarks on the impact of the Coronavirus on Young Americans Tune in to watch live: …
The character of the American people is on full display across the country In the middle of a crisis folks are stepping up and doing what they can to help out those in need The Angeleno Campaign led by my friend Mayor EricGarcetti is a great example of the work being done. …
The American people are rising to meet this moment We need our president to do the same.
Let me be very clear No one is expendable No matter your age race gender religion ethnicity sexual orientation or disability No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
President Trump says no one saw this coming but that’s just not true Our own intelligence officials were warning of the coronavirus threat back in January Trump ignored them and now we’re paying the price.pic.twitter.com/HCNDWim5Oc
As Americans we may be physically apart but we are truly all in this together When we have stood as one this nation has never been defeated And we are not going to be defeated now.pic.twitter.com/T3pFw3DQlj
President Trump should stop attacking our nation's governors on Twitter and start delivering them the life-saving supplies they need. …
Let me be clear Donald Trump knew about the threat the coronavirus posed and failed to act It’s one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history.pic.twitter.com/l8BdATZsaL
The stakes in this election couldn’t be higher Donald Trump is wholly unfit to lead this nation and that has become even clearer in the last few weeks We have to vote him out of the White House.
It has been a month since this tweet. …
I know we are up to this challenge The American people are strong tough brave and big-hearted We can and will overcome this together.
As this public health crisis rages with the economy in peril and with front line workers putting their lives at risk Trump and Republican Attorneys-General are attempting to strip health insurance away from millions No more games Drop this lawsuit Save lives.pic.twitter.com/aSgzVzOvlV
In January Donald Trump claimed the coronavirus was “totally under control. In February he said it would disappear Now he’s saying it “could’ve been stopped pretty easily if we had known. Donald Trump knew He failed to act And now we’re paying the price.
Across the country there are incredible stories of folks stepping up to help their neighbors stories like this one It's who we are as Americans Brave and big-hearted Always willing to lend a hand and care for those in need We will overcome this together. …
Where are the tests Where are the masks Where are the ventilators The American people deserve answers Mr President.pic.twitter.com/N2MWYKOzOu
Obamacare was a big deal and that still holds true a decade later On its tenth anniversary we need to double down on our efforts to protect it from Donald Trump's attacks and build on it to ensure every American receives the care they need.pic.twitter.com/aXqHL7LN9f
A $500 billion slush fund for corporations with almost no conditions is unacceptable We have to ensure the help these companies receive goes to their workers not their CEOs It's time for President Trump and Mitch McConnell to put American families first. …
During a public health crisis it's unconscionable that Donald Trump and others are continuing a lawsuit designed to strip millions of people of their health insurance This morning I called on them to drop the lawsuit and protect Americans health care. …
What is President Trump waiting for Health care workers don't have enough masks to keep themselves safe Hospitals are running low on ventilators that sick Americans could literally need to breathe He needs to act now to deliver these essential supplies Lives depend on it. …
I'm about to deliver remarks on the Coronavirus pandemic Tune in to watch live: …
President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put a corporate bailout ahead of families It's simply wrong We need to be focused on helping hardworking Americans communities and small businesses not handing big corporations a blank check.pic.twitter.com/tMBZm26h3y
It’s simple President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put corporate bailouts ahead of families And it’s wrong Hardworking struggling Americans should come first not the big corporations looking for a blank check. …
President Trump’s dithering on preparing us for this global pandemic and his lies about his response to this dangerous crisis is one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history. …
In this moment of crisis we should be sending federal resources to those who need it most It's not just good economics it's the right thing to do We have to get this right.
We should also increase monthly Social Security checks by $200/month as proposed by Senator Wyden and colleagues Seniors and people with disabilities are uniquely at risk right now.
Additionally we should forgive a minimum of $10,000/person of federal student loans as proposed by Senator Warren and colleagues Young people and other student debt holders bore the brunt of the last crisis It shouldn't happen again.
On March 6th Donald Trump claimed “Anybody that wants a test can get a test. That was a flat-out lie then and it’s still not true today It’s a disgrace We need to ensure everyone who needs a test can get one free of charge Period.
No bill should pass without immediate generous relief for workers who are losing jobs and hours small businesses losing revenue and communities facing emergency needs.
No bill should pass without conditions on corporations to ensure the help they get goes to their workers not their CEOs No blank checks.
It's simple The White House and senatemajldr have tried to put corporate bailouts ahead of families. …
We owe a debt of gratitude to the first responders health care providers grocery and retail workers transportation workers public safety officials and everyone working around the clock to keep our country running Thank you thank you thank you for all you’re doing.
Mr President stop lying and start acting Use the full extent of your authorities now to ensure that we are producing all essential goods and delivering them where they need to go. …
In times of crisis a president should calm and heal lead the way with a steady hand and provide a beacon of hope for the American people Donald Trump is incapable of doing that.pic.twitter.com/0I7ZYNtqCV
We need action not more empty words from President Trump It’s time for him to step up and do his job. …
Donald Trump has failed the American people.pic.twitter.com/HsNl9M4h4r
Everyone knows that we're facing a real crisis from the coronavirus But do you know how we got here and what we need to do next Ron Klain former White House Ebola Response Coordinator breaks it down for us:pic.twitter.com/XRkIw2EzM4
The coronavirus test should be made widely available and free The coronavirus vaccine when ready should be made widely available and free Treatment for coronavirus should be free too We're in a crisis No one should have to pay for their coronavirus health care costs.
From day one the goal of our campaign has been to unite the country and in times of crisis that goal is more important than ever If we come together and all do our part we will overcome this I promise.
The president has been behind the curve throughout this whole response He’s talking about yesterday rather than where we need to be tomorrow The president needs to stop talking and start rallying government action with the urgency and ambition this moment demands.
Now he’s switched to falsely telling us that he’s taking action that he has not taken and promising results that he’s not delivering People are scared They're frightened And their president is just exacerbating their concerns.
In times of crisis the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility Donald Trump has not been that president For months he falsely told us we had nothing to worry about while praising China’s response for managing the coronavirus.
If you have a minute read these stories of folks coming together and helping out their neighbors They represent who we are as Americans In times of crisis we stand as one We look out for each other And that’s how we’ll get through this together. …
The President says no one cares about being tested Have you or a loved one had trouble getting tested? …
Getting money quickly to families is the right goal but Senate Republicans are proposing to send significantly lower amounts to low-income families than those with higher incomes That’s terrible economics terrible values We should be targeting help to those who need it most. …
The lack of coronavirus testing in the U.S is a national disgrace. …
The least we can do for every grocery and retail worker working around the clock during this crisis is to provide a $15 minimum wage paid sick leave and strong workplace protections.
Every CEO in America should be focusing on workers families and communities not executive compensation and share prices.
I am calling on every CEO in America to publicly commit now to not buying back their company's stock over the course of the next year As workers face the physical and economic consequences of the coronavirus our corporate leaders cannot cede responsibility for their employees.
SenGillibrand has never been afraid to speak without fear to be brave in the face of injustice and to empower others to get off the sidelines I'm thrilled and honored to have her support. …
The words of a president matter and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19 and mislead the American people He is unfit to lead us through this crisis. …
This administration is truly morally bankrupt. …
Every worker on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 deserves protections and accommodations that keep them and their families safe I'm glad to see states stepping up to support folks employers must do the same. …
My prayers go out to all those on the front lines of this crisis.pic.twitter.com/KfNNRsdS7I
Doctors and nurses are making their own makeshift face masks today as they risk their lives to care for others What other finding do you need to see to convince you to use every power you have to expand our supply of essential equipment Mr President?
Yesterday President Trump said he was invoking the Defense Production Act then turned around and said he wasn't planning to use it The President should exercise these powers now We need more ventilators protective equipment and critical supplies We need action not words.
TulsiGabbard has put her life on the line in service of this country and continues to serve with honor today I’m grateful to have her support and look forward to working with her to restore honor and decency to the White House.
This is a moment to look out for our neighbors care for the elderly and thank the workers on the front lines of this fight This is a moment to believe in one another When we do that when we see the best in each of us we’ll lift this nation up and get through this together.
The Obama-Biden Administration set up the White House National Security Council Directorate for Global Health Security and Biodefense to prepare for future pandemics like COVID-19 Donald Trump eliminated it and now we're paying the price.
Our campaign is building the broad coalition we need to win in November.pic.twitter.com/cINCXLJnn0
I give you my word as a Biden When I'm president I will lead with science listen to the experts and heed their advice and always tell you the truth. …
It is a national disgrace that millions of Americans do not have a single day of paid sick leave.
We need comprehensive action to combat the coronavirus outbreak That's why I'm calling for a decisive public health response to curb its spread and provide treatment to those in need and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief.
I know the American people have the capacity to meet this moment There’s nothing we’ve been unable to accomplish if we do it together.
Stop the xenophobic fear-mongering Be honest Take responsibility Do your job. …
Much has been made of changes in President Trump's tone in recent days But with our health care system at risk a virus spreading our economy on the brink and so many lives at stake it’s time to be less interested in his words and more focused on his actions or inaction. …
In times of crisis Americans stand as one Volunteers raise their hands to help Neighbors look out for neighbors Businesses take care of their workers That's who we are We can and will meet this challenge together.pic.twitter.com/xGcTQuc2gB
The next president will have to salvage our reputation rebuild confidence in our leadership and mobilize our country and our allies to rapidly meet new challenges like future pandemics We need a leader who will be ready on day one. …
Thank you Arizona! …
Thank you to everyone in Arizona Florida and Illinois who supported our campaign From day one our goal has been to unify our party and our nation and tonight we are one step closer to achieving that goal Let’s do this together.pic.twitter.com/tcLufz2SBV
I'm about to address tonight's election results from Delaware Tune in to watch live: …
Thank you Illinois! …
Thank you Florida! …
This moment demands that we choose Hope over fear Unity over division Truth over lies Science over fiction
This crisis requires a decisive economic response We need to do whatever it takes to deliver relief for our families and ensure the stability of our economy.
Elections are happening today in Arizona Florida and Illinois I encourage folks to vote by mail or curbside vote if you can If you vote in person please wash your hands don’t touch your face and stay 6 from others in line Learn more:
My mom always said "Being Irish is about faith family and courage. Today we celebrate the strong role Irish-Americans have played in our communities the strength of the U.S.-Ireland relationship and the ongoing values shared by our two nations Happy St Patrick's Day!pic.twitter.com/iUwvpb4Zk8
Michigan’s response has far outpaced the federal government’s in this crisis Gov Whitmer is leading decisively while you are live-tweeting her appearances on cable news We need a president who will do their job and lead this country. …
Thank you Washington! …
Coronavirus is bigger than any one of us Please take care of yourself wash your hands and practice social distancing We will get through this together.pic.twitter.com/133eiugfnJ
If I win the nomination my pick for vice president will be a woman If I win the presidency and have the opportunity I will name the first black woman ever to the Supreme Court A Biden administration will reflect the country we are proud to work for.pic.twitter.com/1rFvE94YIg
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation Donald Trump threatens everything we stand for he has Fanned the flames of hate Embraced white supremacists Separated families at the border Threatened our democracy We have to get him out of the White House.
The coronavirus pandemic is bigger than any one individual This moment requires all of us to come together across the country and around the world to solve this crisis.pic.twitter.com/cbPrIYyjsa
In the wake of the coronavirus we need a major bailout package that delivers real relief to the American people not more handouts for giant corporations.pic.twitter.com/Fi8SwNXDU5
Thank you to our health care providers first responders grocery and other retail workers and so many others that are keeping us safe and prepared This coronavirus pandemic makes it clear that all workers deserve paid sick live workplace protections and unemployment benefits.
We need a president who will always choose science over fiction.
I know times are tough but we’re going to get through this We’ve got four big primaries coming up on Tuesday and our campaign could really use your help Chip in what you can I really appreciate it pic.twitter.com/lfA6xEp9MI
$90 billion in clean energy funding A huge reduction in the cost of solar so that we'll never build another coal plant again I did that Bernie watched DemDebate
We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump If you're with us please chip in what you can right now to keep the momentum going from tonight's DemDebate: …
Watch me. …
The coronavirus pandemic is like a war And in a war you do whatever is needed to be done to take care of your people DemDebatepic.twitter.com/3U1aarm3Ho
We need a comprehensive response to the coronavirus outbreak My plan mounts a decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief pic.twitter.com/WQgl2SyM4z
Xenophobia is a disease DemDebate
We have to treat climate change like the existential threat it is As president I will End subsidies for fossil fuel corporations Ban new drilling on federal lands waters Hold oil executives accountable Rally the world to raise the commitments of the Paris Agreement
No se puede negar la amenaza existencial del cambio climático y se est acabando el tiempo para abordarlo Tenemos que tomar medidas sin precedentes aqu en nuestro país y unir al mundo para hacer frente a esta crisis Lea el plan completo:
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change and time is running out to address it We have to take unprecedented action here at home and rally the world to tackle this crisis head on Read the full plan
Bernie Sanders voted against comprehensive immigration reform and then went on TV with Lou Dobbs to brag about it Immigrants don't take our jobs They create jobs And we need a President who believes that to his or her core DemDebatepic.twitter.com/lHePLtlTpo
My running mate will be a woman DemDebate
If Senator BernieSanders is the nominee I will throw my full weight behind his campaign and do everything I can to get him elected If I am the nominee I hope he will do the same Nothing can keep us from being united in the fight to defeat Trump DemDebate
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands not once not twice but five times We need a president who will stand up to the NRA not one who stood with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
I took on Paul Ryan's cuts to Medicare and Social Security to his face DemDebatepic.twitter.com/wXp61eg5lf
People need help now Not four years from now Not eight years from now We need a health care plan that can pass DemDebate
Senator BernieSanders attacks on my record on Social Security are a bunch of malarkey and PolitiFact agrees We should be focused on going after Donald Trump not fellow Democrats …
All those people Bernie says he cares about would have been in deep trouble without the bailout in 2008/2009 It was about saving the economy and I agree with Bernie some bank executives should have gone to jail DemDebate
People want results not a revolution DemDebate
This is bigger than any one of us This calls for a national rallying to come together DemDebate
This is a crisis We’re at war with a virus No one should have to pay for coronavirus health care costs DemDebate
We need leadership that listens to science We need leaders who listen to experts and heed their advice We need American leadership that will rally the world to meet global threats We need leaders who are honest That is the responsibility of a president.pic.twitter.com/zcdYiNWRCf
When we have a coronavirus vaccine ready to go it should be made widely available free of charge Period.
This primary has brought out our party's best ideas and our nation is better for it If I'm President I'll continue to bring the best ideas from all corners of the country and fight to make them reality To see these plans you can go to my website: …
Second Few people in the country understand how bankruptcy hurts working families more than Elizabeth Warren Today I am fully endorsing and adopting her bankruptcy plan which she called "Fixing Our Bankruptcy System to Give People a Second Chance."
First Bernie has put forward a plan that would make public colleges and universities free for families whose income is below $125,000 It's a good idea and after consideration I am proud to add it to my platform.
Across the country middle and working class families are being squeezed by debt This is a massive problem and one that we need all of the best ideas to solve That's why today I'm adopting two plans from BernieSanders and ewarren to achieve this.
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks But I can promise you that when I'm President we will prepare better respond better and recover better. …
I'm incredibly grateful for SpeakerPelosi's leadership every day but especially in times of crisis senatemajldr McConnell should bring back the Senate immediately and pass this important bill to provide relief for American families. …
If you're exhibiting symptoms of COVID-19 or might be at risk absentee or vote by mail options are the best way to make your voice heard while protecting your neighbors.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is State election officials are working closely with public health officials to hold safe elections If you are feeling healthy not showing symptoms and not at risk of being exposed to COVID-19 please vote on Tuesday.
The coronavirus will not discriminate based on national origin race gender or zip code It will touch people in positions of power and the most vulnerable in our society We need to take action to combat it pic.twitter.com/E7J9olEhIR
The American people have the capacity to meet this moment We will come together look out for one another and harness the ingenuity of our scientists We can and will meet this challenge—together.
This crisis requires a national response Not just from our elected leaders or public health officials—but from all of us We must follow the guidance of the CDCgov and health officials and take appropriate precautions to protect ourselves and critically to protect others.
I know many are anxious about the spread of the coronavirus and the threat it poses And my thoughts are with all those affected our first responders and health care providers who are putting themselves on the line for others and everyone making sacrifices to stop the spread.
The White House is no place for on-the-job training Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus has made that even more clear We need a president who is ready to clean up his mess take responsibility and lead us forward on day one.
We’re building a campaign powered by the backbone and the base of the Democratic party A campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation Join us:
I believe this nation can overcome four years of Donald Trump But if he’s given eight years in the White House he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation We can’t let that happen We have to defeat Donald Trump.
At a moment when there is so much fear around the world we need honest steady trusted American leadership If I’m elected president I promise you I'll strive to give the nation that very leadership every day.pic.twitter.com/WjOHDVMb6X
A wall will not stop the coronavirus Banning all travel from Europe or any other part of the world will not stop it This disease could impact every nation and any person on the planet and we need a plan to combat it.
CoryBooker is right this is our moment in history We need your help to beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path If you’re with us chip in today pic.twitter.com/kfq0AMwyZm
No president can promise to prevent future outbreaks but I can promise you this When I'm president we will be better prepared respond better and recover better We'll lead with science and listen to the experts And I will always always tell you the truth.
We need to ensure that every person who needs a coronavirus test can get one and that the test is free Period.
Today I'm releasing my plan to combat the coronavirus We need A decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need A decisive economic response that delivers real relief
I'm about to address the nation on how we should confront the corona virus pandemic Tune in to watch live: …
To all those who have been knocked down counted out or left behind this is your campaign We need you and we want you in this fight Join us pic.twitter.com/ACpw1DseBe
At this moment when there is so much fear in the country and all across the world we need American leadership We need presidential leadership Today at 1:00 PM EST I’ll be addressing the nation on how we should be moving forward to confront the CoronavirusPandemic.
Together we're creating a movement that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation.pic.twitter.com/vAylAFIwFn
Donald Trump's "Remain in Mexico policy is dangerous inhumane and goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants My administration will end it. …
After last night we are one step closer to restoring decency dignity and honor to the White House.
I wish Donald Trump would just be quiet and let the experts do the talking when it comes to the coronavirus.pic.twitter.com/x47PGPls2Y
AndrewYang is one of the brightest minds there is when it comes to the challenges we face in the Fourth Industrial Revolution I'm honored to have his endorsement and look forward to working with him to ensure every worker can succeed in the changing 21st-century economy.
Today is a historic day for the MeToo movement for survivors of sexual violence The bravery of those who stopped Weinstein cannot be overstated the burden of speaking out cannot be on survivors alone We have to change our culture our system to end sexual assault. …
If you're a member of the KHive know that there is a home for you in our campaign I would be honored to have your support.pic.twitter.com/3GqvPi1E0y
Once we get Donald Trump out of the White House we have an enormous opportunity to build the future this nation deserves A future where every American has access to affordable health care where we end our gun violence epidemic and where we tackle the climate crisis head-on.
Donald Trump is incapable of effectively handling the coronavirus crisis.pic.twitter.com/dKLazVkJgw
It's been a great night thank you for all of your support We’re bringing this party together and it's going to take all of us to keep it going Chip in now to take us across the finish line and defeat Donald Trump pic.twitter.com/vncQYgE6Eg
Tonight made one thing clear We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump If you're with us chip in today to keep our momentum going strong:
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country tonight's victories wouldn't be possible without your support Together we'll win this nomination beat Donald Trump and take back this country!pic.twitter.com/iovKeWNaE4
I'm about to take the stage from Philadelphia Tune in to watch live: …
Thank you Michigan! …
Thank you Missouri! …
Thank you Mississippi! …
Unite Vote Win.pic.twitter.com/o3a2gLKIol
If you live in Idaho Michigan Mississippi Missouri North Dakota Washington You vote today Head to to find all the info you need to make your voice heard.pic.twitter.com/N7dP0nNLFI
We need a president who will stand up to the NRA not stand with them against gun safety reform.pic.twitter.com/ORwxGiSJHY
I give you my word as a Biden If I am elected president I will do everything in my power to protect our children from gun violence.pic.twitter.com/MQjnz97S0m
Today’s the day If you live in ID MI MS MO ND or WA head to to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and vote.pic.twitter.com/8QgL6QT4op
A wall won’t stop a virus Racism won’t stop a virus Do your job. …
Nothing can top this endorsement.pic.twitter.com/sfJpFQ8ig8
I put my faith in Michigan in the depths of the Great Recession and if you believe as I do that our greatest days still lie ahead I hope that you’ll put your faith in Team Joe tomorrow. …
Jill and I wish a Happy Holi to those celebrating the arrival of spring and the Festival of Colors May the rest of your year be filled with a rainbow of colors and optimism Holi2020
In moments of crisis presidential leadership is even more important But time and time again Donald Trump has proven just how incapable he is of rising to the occasion He is dangerously unfit to lead our country through a global health challenge. …
Now is not the time to divide the party and tear down fellow Democrats Now is the time to come together to defeat Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/rkCHKL19dU
Our diversity is and has always been our greatest strength as a nation Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who does.
Senator CoryBooker is joining me on the campaign trail in Flint Michigan Tune in to watch live:
We're building the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and his team is worried Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president …
Cory Your leadership has given hope to so many and has inspired our nation to rise to meet the challenges of today I'm incredibly grateful for your endorsement and I look forward to working alongside you to unite the country and defeat Donald Trump. …
On the anniversary of the passage of HR1 we must recommit ourselves to eliminating all private dollars from our federal elections and restoring the Voting Rights Act Our government should work ForThePeople not just the powerful. …
JohnDelaney is a man of great character and I'm honored to have his endorsement Together we'll beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. …
We are in a battle for the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul We have to get him out of the White House.
In Mississippi and around the nation the daily scourge of gun violence is tearing our communities apart Enough is enough We can’t go on like this We have to take on the NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. …
If we are to realize the dream of gender equality we can't be disheartened or disengaged Instead we must recommit to fighting for progress for our own sake and for the sake of all peoples We can and will do this Join us pic.twitter.com/PJdq16s6xc
I'm about to take the stage from Mississippi Tune in to watch live: …
On this InternationalWomensDay it’s a hard truth that in 2020 we have not yet reached gender equality in our society I promise that as president I will use every tool available to me and take every opportunity to change that. …
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House our planet may never recover.
Kamala You’ve spent your whole career fighting for folks who’ve been written off and left behind and no small part of that alongside Beau From our family thank you. …
WhereIsJoepic.twitter.com/R4y5wE8CKT
“Rosie the Riveter represents the American women who worked in factories during World War II Their resilience and hard work helped us win the war Agnes was one of them I called her on her 100th birthday and I could not be more proud to have her support.pic.twitter.com/2toIvuhmsw
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri Tune in to watch live: …
If you re-elect Donald Trump he's going to cut Medicare and Social Security I'm going to protect and expand these benefits.pic.twitter.com/psf4xAs3YS
I support AB5 in California which will give workers the dignity they deserve in the workplace I agree with transportworker that we can't let corporations undermine basic rights by adding these exemptions to ground-breaking legislation. …
We're going to rebuild the great American middle class And this time we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race gender religion ethnicity sexual orientation or disability.
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri Tune in to watch live: …
To everyone who has been knocked down counted out or left behind this is your campaign Together we will beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path.pic.twitter.com/lOQFdTng0c
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate PeteButtigieg’s endorsement If you supported Pete know that there is a home for you in our campaign Join us in the fight to restore the soul of our nation pic.twitter.com/VOu3qspbEt
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are This is the United States of America We treat each other with dignity we leave nobody behind and we give hate no safe harbor.
Climate change is the existential crisis of our time On day one I'll rejoin the Paris Agreement and then rally the world to push our progress further.
I don't care who you're supporting attacks like this against a man who could be the first Jewish President are disgusting and beyond the pale Hatred and bigotry have no place in America and it's up to all of us to root out these evils wherever they're found. …
It’s time we restore the great American middle class and this time make sure everyone has a chance to come along That starts with making a $15 minimum wage the law of the land. …
This is a big moment for our campaign and we could use your help to keep our momentum going Chip in $5 to help us build the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump pic.twitter.com/WH3diBXaiM
They don’t call it Super Tuesday for nothing!pic.twitter.com/ye8kvggu6W
Finally a way to use Twitter without character limits Check out what I had to say when TwitterGov asked me about life on the campaign trail what inspires me and more:pic.twitter.com/KUFTs9CnX6
We need a president who will choose unity over division.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history and the American people deserve to know what he is hiding in his tax returns.pic.twitter.com/Idfuq9J8XU
Get real Bernie The only person who's going to cut Social Security if he's elected is Donald Trump Maybe you should spend your time attacking him. …
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ equality we're not done not nearly That's why I just released my plan to advance LGBTQ equality in America and around the world pic.twitter.com/8GJxnx5h8f
Here's the deal folks social security is on the ballot this year and the choice couldn't be clearer I'll protect and expand it Donald Trump will cut it and take it away. …
I’m confident that with the help of PeteButtigieg and his supporters we will unite this country we will beat Donald Trump and we will restore honor and decency to the White House.pic.twitter.com/zxEG7Dptzt
Not a joke folks We added a bunch of new items to our campaign store that I think you'll like Head to to stock up today.pic.twitter.com/lGit9Flp8V
We should not tear down Obamacare Period We need to protect and build on it with a new public option to ensure every American has access to the care they need.
And to Bailey Champ and Major would love to have you over any time.
Senator EWarren is the fiercest of fighters for middle class families Her work in Washington in Massachusetts and on the campaign trail has made a real difference in people's lives We needed her voice in this race and we need her continued work in the Senate.
I'm blown away by the grassroots energy we've seen from Pete Amy and Beto supporters Tuesday wouldn't have happened without all of you It's going to take all of us to beat Donald Trump and I'd love to have you on our team pic.twitter.com/ZgA442XHiS
We are building the coalition that will defeat Donald Trump.
To everyone who has placed your faith in our campaign thus far thank you Your support means the world to me and I hope I make you proud I will do everything I can to bring this country together and restore the soul of our nation.pic.twitter.com/prwo6rPAct
I'm grateful that over 125 elected officials and leaders from across the country have endorsed our campaign in the last few days Now I'm hoping to get your endorsement If you're with me let me know by adding your name today pic.twitter.com/FKLhU4xAzV
America was built on the simple idea that we're all created equal—but we've never lived up to it We've had to fight for it And we've got to recognize the women who have kept the fires of justice and equality blazing lighting the way forward for us all WomensHistoryMonth
Most Americans don't want the false promise of a revolution they want results.pic.twitter.com/8ElpMRChuc
We need judges who will respect Roe v Wade as the law and we need a Congress that will protect reproductive rights If I'm president that leadership will start at the top.
There is an assault on abortion access and today it has reached the Supreme Court It's time for our leaders to stand up for women's rights. …
Thank you Maine! …
I have said it many times in this campaign This nation will be able to overcome four years of Donald Trump But if this man is reelected we won’t recognize this country in a few years We have to get Trump out of the White House.
MikeBloomberg I can’t thank you enough for your support—and for your tireless work on everything from gun safety reform to climate change This race is bigger than candidates and bigger than politics It’s about defeating Donald Trump and with your help we’re gonna do it.
I'm Joe Biden and I'm running a campaign that chooses Hope over fear Unity over division Truth over lies And to supporters of Pete Amy and Beto last night was your win too and I’m here to earn your vote So join us pic.twitter.com/oDTZsrcMFi
Thank you Texas! …
Call it a W Thank you Texas.pic.twitter.com/iXFI1ys9wi
Team because of you we had an incredible Super Tuesday Now it's time to focus on beating Donald Trump We can get him out of the White House with your help Please chip in a few dollars to help us win this thing pic.twitter.com/AOwK3JKR2i
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country Your faith in our campaign especially when the pundits and the media counted us out means the world to me Let’s go win this together.pic.twitter.com/ddCTPg9WZZ
Let’s unite Let’s beat Donald Trump And let’s take back this country!
You lost tonight realDonaldTrump Democrats around the country are fired up We are decent brave and resilient people We are better than you Come November we are going to beat you. …
Thank you Massachusetts! …
Thanks Obama.pic.twitter.com/kBXnvbJ9ND
The press and the pundits declared us dead but tonight has made clear that we are very much alive We're building the campaign that can unite the party and beat Donald Trump but we need your help to do it Chip in to keep this momentum going: …
I'm about to take the stage from California Tune in to watch live: …
Thank you Minnesota! …
Thank you Arkansas! …
Joementumpic.twitter.com/3UhSdLUT4Y
Thank you Oklahoma! …
Thank you Tennessee! …
Thank you Alabama! …
Thank you North Carolina! …
Thank you Virginia! …
We are better than this moment and so much better than this president It's time we get up and take back our country.pic.twitter.com/YnqtWumt52
Senator AmyKlobuchar said it best "It is time to turn back the division and the hate and the exclusion and the bitterness and it is time to work together. If you're in Minnesota or any Super Tuesday state go vote today!pic.twitter.com/0CJ35fGH7w
Whether you live in Maine or California or any Super Tuesday state in between I’m asking for your vote today Together we can beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path Head to to confirm your polling location and get out and vote!pic.twitter.com/nR6yukLMRy
If you want a Democratic nominee who can Beat Donald Trump Keep Nancy Pelosi as Speaker and hold the House Take the US Senate and state legislatures Then this is your campaign.
This is a critical critical moment But don't just take it from me Momentum is growing chip in $5 $10 now to keep us going pic.twitter.com/OMNhp9OeQe
Recorded this last night but couldn't have said it any better myself BetoORourke If you live in any state that's voting on Super Tuesday today is your day Let's go win this thing folks Head over to to find your polling location now.pic.twitter.com/zmqnyX0gvz
Jill and I send our thoughts and prayers for the safety of Tennesseans affected by the tornado Stay safe out there and if you're voting today be sure to follow tndp for updates. …
We can't sit by and lose this country to Donald Trump Today we take it back together Go vote pic.twitter.com/0YgyJFr9YR
Today’s the day If you’re in a Super Tuesday state head to to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and vote.pic.twitter.com/zwgsMznvwW
The last few days have made one thing very clear We are building the campaign that will beat Donald Trump.
Whether you supported Pete Amy Beto or any other candidate in this race know that there is a home for you in our campaign I will do everything I can to earn your vote.
Seeing what this whole Whataburger thing is about with BetoORourke ! …
Pete and Amy and Beto backed our campaign now we need you This is our moment to come together as a party to beat Donald Trump If you're with us chip in today to keep our momentum going: …
BetoORourke mobilized a state inspired a nation and in the wake of the shooting in El Paso showed us all what compassionate leadership looks like He will be changing this nation for years to come I'm so grateful he's on our team.pic.twitter.com/3d4JZm0FNS
I can't tell you how much Senator AmyKlobuchar's endorsement means to me From the moment she announced it wasn’t hard to see she had the grit and determination to do anything she sets her mind to That's why I'm confident that we'll beat Donald Trump together.pic.twitter.com/M89h5rFLLC
Honored to have BetoORourke join us on the stage tonight in Dallas Tune in now to hear what he has to say:
I’m about to take the stage with Senator AmyKlobuchar in Dallas Texas ahead of Super Tuesday Tune in to watch live
Grateful beyond words to have PeteButtigieg’s endorsement A guy of enormous integrity Someone who has as much moral courage as he has physical courage Welcome to the team Mayor Pete.pic.twitter.com/nLmO13pYHN
This fall Donald Trump will be trying to get the Supreme Court to strike down Obamacare ripping insurance away from 30 million people I’ll be fighting to end his administration and to secure for every American the peace of mind that comes from having affordable health care. …
Proud to have Pete on the trail with me today Our number one priority is to beat Donald Trump and bring unity back to our party Together we're gonna make it happen Welcome to the team PeteButtigieg Watch live
Bernie Sanders has gone after nearly every corporation in the world except the gun manufacturers It's unacceptable We need a president with the courage to take them on and ensure they can be held accountable for the carnage they have caused.pic.twitter.com/nebCfE05gW
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and it's a battle we can't lose So let's get back up let's fight back and let's win.pic.twitter.com/UHOyeHlAWy
Something is happening in Virginia.pic.twitter.com/0uqzMMeYyI
Americans can't wait for the false promise of a revolution We need real change right now.pic.twitter.com/cVhYjfMhaO
If you want a Democratic nominee who will Build on Obamacare not scrap it Take on the NRA and gun manufacturers not protect them Stand up for the middle class not raise their taxes and make promises that can’t be kept Then this is your campaign.
I'm incredibly honored to have the support of latinovictoryus Latinos are the future They must have a voice and as president I will do all in my power to amplify that voice.pic.twitter.com/EsdccBqXbW
Selma thank you for welcoming me back into your community this morning As we commemorate the anniversary of Bloody Sunday we also recognize that the struggle for Black Americans to participate in democracy is not over We have to fight for a more just equal America—together.pic.twitter.com/aJ5ov31WEM
The press and the pundits declared our campaign dead But after last night's big victory it's clear we are very much alive.pic.twitter.com/eAuSJpdnaw
Yesterday we had our best day of online fundraising on this campaign raising $5M from tens of thousands of new supporters Today we've already surpassed that total And we're just getting started Join us:
PeteButtigieg ran a historic trail-blazing campaign based on courage compassion and honesty We will be a better country for his continued service This is just the beginning of his time on the national stage.
Together we will beat Donald Trump.
With your help we won big in South Carolina Now we're shifting our focus to winning big on Super Tuesday I know we can do it but we need your help to make it happen If you can please chip in to keep our momentum going …
South Carolina was just the launching pad Our campaign is taking off and we need your help Head to to get involved in your community.pic.twitter.com/ZH3g9ZS6xW
Only Donald Trump could make the coronavirus about him This president is dangerous. …
I’ve never been more optimistic about America’s future than I am today If we come together and unite this country there’s not a single thing we can’t accomplish.
When the press pundits and our opponents wrote us off TeamJoe delivered big This was the launching pad Now let’s win this thing.pic.twitter.com/jLcesHB3tH
Yesterday this campaign raised $5M online including from tens of thousands of new supporters You did that Together we will do this We'll get the nomination defeat Donald Trump and win the battle for the soul of this nation Chip in to keep us going
South Carolina I can't thank you enough Tonight's big victory has launched us forward and we need your help to keep the momentum going Please chip in a few dollars if you can it'll make a big difference pic.twitter.com/4gsyMNZDdw
From climate change to racial justice TomSteyer has dedicated his life to making progress on some of the most pressing issues of our time His presence will continue to be felt in the race and I look forward to working alongside him to get Donald Trump out of the White House.
The press counted us out The pundits declared our campaign dead But we proved them wrong.pic.twitter.com/E5MGBpZ9RR
I'm about to take the stage from South Carolina Tune in to watch live: …
Just days ago the press and the pundits declared our campaign dead But after tonight it's clear we are very much alive and we need your help to keep the momentum going Chip in to help us make the most of our big victory in South Carolina: …
Thank you South Carolina To all those who have been knocked down counted out and left behind this is your campaign Together we will win this nomination and beat Donald Trump.
We are at an inflection point We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics or we can take the next great step forward as a nation It won’t be easy But we can do it together.pic.twitter.com/pR7zzOqyzI
I’ve dedicated my entire life to serving this country and I’m not finished yet.pic.twitter.com/ic8DpNdIZH
To win the battle for the soul of this nation we need everyone to step up and make their voice heard If you live in South Carolina confirm your polling place by heading to grab your photo ID and get out and vote today.pic.twitter.com/kfBYDZr5yK
Today’s the day it’s primary day in South Carolina Head to to make calls from wherever you are in the country to help get folks to the polls.
I’m honored to have Congressman Clyburn’s vote now I’m asking for yours Get out and vote South Carolina pic.twitter.com/vmJxlQSmvn
Today South Carolina has the chance to set our nation on a new path Let’s go pic.twitter.com/ITwOCUhlMU
Today’s the day South Carolina Confirm your polling location at grab your photo ID and make sure to get out and vote before 7 PM ET.pic.twitter.com/ouFNaOIOu8
For too many people across the country normal has become a living nightmare We can’t go on like this any longer We have to end our gun violence epidemic.pic.twitter.com/kyZlysST0a
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation Donald Trump’s poisonous rhetoric has emboldened the worst among us to crawl out from under their rocks and spread their hate openly We have to get Trump out of the White House and give hate no safe harbor.
Folks a win in South Carolina would help us build momentum at just the right time We're feeling good about our chances but we need your help to pull it off Please chip in what you can every dollar makes a big difference: …
Monica's story is the story of far too many in our country and a solemn reminder of the cost of our inaction No parent should lose their child to an act of gun violence We have to end this epidemic.pic.twitter.com/MBQ5iPQoHE
Wrong …
America was founded on the promise of equality liberty and justice for all We’ve never fully lived up to that promise but we’ve never stopped trying We can’t rest until we reach our highest ideals and justice truly rings out for all.
Tomorrow is the South Carolina primary and we need your help to bring us across the finish line If you have a few extra minutes head to to talk with folks before they head to the polls.
My dad always said “Champ when you get knocked down you get back up. I’ve been knocked down a lot in my life like so many Americans have but always get back up That’s the resiliency of the American people Given half a fighting chance there’s nothing we can’t do.pic.twitter.com/e9nR5Rqn8u
Senator Kaine is an incredible public servant Virginians are lucky to have him representing them in the Senate and I'm honored to have his endorsement.pic.twitter.com/3h81B1yhsy
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul We have to get him out of the White House.pic.twitter.com/CvICTGZUJe
I’m running for president to offer our country a different path not back to a past that never was but to a future that fulfills our true promise as a nation.
Barack Obama was one hell of a president.pic.twitter.com/Q7YacziNzh
"Thanks to a man of great position and character taking an interest in him he knows that his stutter does not define him nor his plans for a bright future. You raised an incredible young man Elisa I'm honored to have been a part of his journey. …
Donald Trump is determined to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we’ve made We can’t let him get away with it We have to protect and build on the law to ensure every American has access to the health care they deserve.pic.twitter.com/TxlvXDVjRs
I have a message for the NRA and gun manufacturers If I am elected president I am going to take you on and I will defeat you.pic.twitter.com/flrQQme05e
With nearly 2 million Dominicans and their families in the U.S. we have so much to celebrate on Dominican Republic Independence Day The everyday contributions of Dominican Americans to our country has enriched our lives and made us stronger.
One year later senatemajldr is still stonewalling the bipartisan universal background check bill It’s unbelievable It’s time for Mitch McConnell to stand up to the NRA do his job and bring the bill up for a vote Lives depend on it. …
Folks thanks to you we raised $1.2M from nearly 30,000 donors yesterday And I was even happier to hear that 1/3rd of those donors were new I can't begin to tell you what your support means South Carolina is just a few days away let's keep it going …
Senator Sanders still hasn’t been honest about how much Medicare for All will cost and who will pay for it The American people deserve the truth.pic.twitter.com/CXntweve9n
A $15 an hour minimum wage is long overdue but it’s just the start We have to make sure every single worker receives the pay and dignity they deserve.
I don’t take the support of the African-American community for granted I’ve worked like the devil to earn it and will continue to work for every last vote.pic.twitter.com/tKuQ5UZO9q
Folks we are currently $45,000 short of raising $1 million online today We don't have a lot of time but if we all pitch in we can do it Can I count on your help Pitch in before midnight
My faith is important to me because it gives me some reason to have hope and purpose It took a long time for me to realize but that purpose is the thing that has saved me.pic.twitter.com/b44oTZWgUJ
If I were president today I would not be taking China's word when it comes to the coronavirus American scientists and health experts should be allowed in the country to determine how the virus started and to help contain its spread.pic.twitter.com/uSgkV7WUG8
We just wrapped up a great CNN town hall and could use your help to keep the momentum going With just three days left until the South Carolina primary every dollar makes a big difference Chip in today …
I taught constitutional law for a long time and here's the deal No amendment is absolute There are limits Common-sense reforms like background checks and a ban on assault weapons are not a violation of the Second Amendment Period.
I’m heartbroken at the news of yet another mass shooting in America and I’m keeping the victims and their loved ones in my prayers We can’t go on like this any longer as a nation It’s time we come together and pass common-sense reforms to end this epidemic. …
I'm glad this bill overdue now for more than a century has passed Congress failure to act on lynching will forever be a stain on the institution but living up to the founding principles of our nation means fully coming to terms with the sins of our past. …
In 1994 I took on the NRA to pass a 10-year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines The ban saved lives and Republicans should have never let it expire As president I’ll ban them once again We will get these weapons of war out of our communities.pic.twitter.com/4ciJQTNxvR
I’m a union guy and always have been I stand with UFCW and as president I’ll invest in American workers We need to protect good American jobs and make sure our economy works for all Americans. …
The evidence is clear we can’t wait to take action on climate change We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on The survival of our planet depends on it. …
We need policies that allow Black Americans to create wealth And we need policies that will let them pass it down from generation to generation.pic.twitter.com/Dc9kxquzij
We need to put a black woman on the Supreme Court.
I know that with folks like Bernice and the Reckoning Crew we will win the battle for the soul of our nation I'm so grateful to have them on our team Join them and get involved in your community pic.twitter.com/M6m9pkP3vh
Jim Clyburn is a voice of powerful moral clarity that is heard loud and clear across this country in our capital and beyond He reminds us why we’re in public service in the first place and I’m proud to have his support.pic.twitter.com/6Lh970vjYu
Team we had a great debate tonight in South Carolina I could use your help to keep this momentum going as we head toward the primary this Saturday With just a few days left chip in what you can every dollar makes a difference pic.twitter.com/jTRYsKk9Wx
Being a progressive means actually making progress I’m the only one in this race who has beaten the NRA nationally and passed real gun safety reform and I’ll do it again as president DemDebatepic.twitter.com/i5Lq1isGG5
When everyone around you is shouting about health care reform but you're the only one who has gotten anything big done.pic.twitter.com/e8T3kN5Mhb
Pitch in if you agree pic.twitter.com/maf1Q3SnHf
Let’s be clear Russia is engaging in interference in this election right now as we speak DemDebate
We gotta make it clear China must play by the rules DemDebate
My first effort as a county council member was doing away with redlining and I didn’t stop there I've fought against housing discrimination my entire career DemDebate
Gun manufacturers if I’m elected I’m coming for you DemDebate
Tom Steyer invested $90 million in the nation's largest private prison company a company that allegedly hog-tied and beat kids in South Carolina It's despicable President Obama and I worked to phase out private prisons I will fight to get rid of them as president.pic.twitter.com/6KOxewPF2B
I’ve worked like the devil to earn the vote of the African American community I don’t expect anything I plan to earn the Black vote And I’m here to ask for it DemDebate
Five That’s how many times Senator Sanders voted AGAINST the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands We need a president who will stand up to the NRA not one who stands with them against lifesaving gun safety measures DemDebate
Ban assault weapons Enact universal background checks Hold gun manufacturers accountable End our gun violence epidemic.
In 2005 I voted to allow Americans to hold gun manufacturers accountable for the death and terror they've caused in our country Bernie Sanders voted to let them off the hook.pic.twitter.com/nVMAn5xpbx
This moment requires strong American leadership and disciplined diplomacy to lead a global response grounded in science Donald Trump is incapable of that He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency. …
With Donald Trump out of the way there’s no limit to what America can achieve.
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is We should be making voting easier not harder.
This election is about more than just beating Donald Trump It’s about Replacing Betsy DeVos with an actual educator Having an Attorney General who defends the Constitution not the president Ensuring our EPA Administrator believes climate change is an existential threat
Meeting Tina brightened my day and she made a pretty good point at the end.pic.twitter.com/tgMPk7ISGN
Our comeback started in Nevada Now we need your help to carry this momentum to South Carolina Super Tuesday and beyond Sign up to get involved in your community pic.twitter.com/HPgQ3O42Qq
America’s story is full of barrier breakers who refused to accept the status quo Katherine Johnson is among the finest No hindrance not racism sexism or even the force of gravity was too tall a task for her DrBiden and I are keeping her loved ones in our hearts. …
Vanessa I'm keeping you in my prayers today Grief is a heavy burden to bear especially with the eyes of the world watching But there will come a day I promise you when the memory of Kobe and Gianna will bring a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. …
I think Barack Obama was one hell of a President I was proud to stand alongside him every step of the way and fought like hell to make sure he was re-elected Bernie Sanders can't say the same.pic.twitter.com/7wM4PFUXDZ
I promise you that if I am elected president we will hold gun manufacturers accountable for the carnage they have caused.pic.twitter.com/b1HLGdFyeF
Housing should be a right not a privilege But far too many Americans lack access to affordable quality and safe housing Today I'm releasing my $640 billion plan to change that:
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president we’ve ever had and the American people deserve to know what he’s hiding in his tax returns.
We’re not just trying to beat Donald Trump We’ve got to take back the Senate keep the House of Representatives and unite our party.pic.twitter.com/mPfsp2hh7n
Over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions live in fear that their health care will be taken away from them I promise you I will not let that happen we will protect and build on Obamacare.pic.twitter.com/vyx4BaiRs7
We need a president who will always choose compassion over cruelty.
Americans aren’t looking for a handout They’re just looking for a fair shot to get ahead But too many people today aren’t getting that chance We have to rebuild the middle class and this time bring everyone along.pic.twitter.com/i3Hw5GK4WO
There is nothing that the United States of America can’t do if we do it together.
Thank you Nevada We're headed to South Carolina but have one more request if you can chip in a few dollars to keep our momentum going we would greatly appreciate it Every donation makes a big difference pic.twitter.com/D1e5DOyf7s
Despite what the press said this week we’re alive we’re coming back and we’re gonna win!pic.twitter.com/qcwiLvJ43x
I ain’t a socialist I ain’t a plutocrat I’m a Democrat and I'm proud of it.pic.twitter.com/c8youdmUEL
Nevada y’all did it for me Thank you to all of our incredible supporters volunteers and organizers around the state We couldn’t have done this without you Next stop South Carolina!pic.twitter.com/iEE6pwSn3H
While not every vote in Nevada has been counted yet one thing is clear our comeback starts here Now we’re headed to South Carolina where we’re all-in to win Chip in to help fuel our victory: …
I'm about to take the stage from Nevada Tune in to watch live: …
Thank you to all of our incredible volunteers in Nevada for all your hard work your faith in our campaign means the world to me We’re taking this campaign across the country and need your help Head to to get involved today.pic.twitter.com/uA1dv5hjL3
Do you believe in life after Trump?pic.twitter.com/azZ1qZCqFW
It’s Caucus Day Nevada It’s time for the West to make its voice heard Head to to confirm your caucus location and make a plan to be there by 11:00 AM PT Let’s win this!pic.twitter.com/9cvUjyriII
For too many people across the country the daily scourge of gun violence has turned normal into a living nightmare It has to end I’ve taken on the NRA and won twice And I’ll do it again as president to end our gun violence epidemic.pic.twitter.com/wznJj1HfLD
Today’s the day Nevada Confirm your caucus location at and make a plan to arrive by 11:00 AM PT.pic.twitter.com/xxC3C7nRFy
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 was our best shot at fixing our broken immigration system It had bipartisan support and would have put millions of immigrants on the pathway to citizenship Bernie Sanders voted against it.pic.twitter.com/7eU37Jq2RC
Donald Trump and Stephen Miller have raised the standard of cruelty with their inhumane immigration policies We have to get them out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Tomorrow is Caucus Day in Nevada and we need your help to bring us across the finish line I know we’ve asked a lot lately but if you have a few extra minutes please head to to talk with caucusgoers about what’s at stake I'd greatly appreciate it.pic.twitter.com/T33OyMNINP
Vladimir Putin doesn’t want me to be President He doesn’t want me to be our nominee If you’re wondering why it’s because I’m the only person in this field who’s ever gone toe-to-toe with him.
On day one I will send a bill to Congress providing a roadmap to citizenship for 11 million undocumented immigrants and take action to protect Dreamers.pic.twitter.com/oepf2yWDrR
Family separation will end on my watch I promise you.pic.twitter.com/iyvrvZE2ss
A giant among men a civil rights hero and a man I'm honored to call a friend Happy Birthday Congressman Lewis Every day your courage inspires me like it's inspired our entire country.pic.twitter.com/4bHZYDNB1u
Experience matters I’m the only one in this race who has gotten anything big done when it comes to health care As president I’ll build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the quality affordable care they deserve.pic.twitter.com/hIPeFEpFKW
Grateful to have the support of latinovictoryus We can't beat Trump without a broad and diverse coalition that includes and elevates the Latino community Together we can win the battle for the soul of our nation. …
America's teachers and school personnel have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources to educate our kids That'll change in my administration Thank you AFTunion and rweingarten!
We all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America We must give hate no safe harbor. …
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history We need to get him out of the White House and restore honor and dignity to the presidency.pic.twitter.com/K6lz4Ueagp
Americans not Vladimir Putin should decide our elections.pic.twitter.com/vwHk1ELdjF
We had a great night at tonight's CNN town hall and with just two days until the Nevada caucuses we need your help to keep our momentum going Every dollar goes a long way during this critical stretch Chip in today: …
I’ve sat there and looked in the eyes of parents who lost their kids to gun violence They want to be able to sue these gun manufacturers We should let them.pic.twitter.com/thL9G6IPvy
Alex a law enforcement officer and former Marine from Reno supports common-sense gun safety reform just like the majority of America Here’s why he’s supporting our campaign:pic.twitter.com/BAM6qFjHzs
I'm about to take the stage for tonight's town hall in Las Vegas Nevada Tune in to CNN at 8 PM ET to watch live.
Let me be clear Mayor Bloomberg should release folks from their non-disclosure agreements This is about transparency The American people deserve to know the truth.pic.twitter.com/IdRmpGpumm
The campaign trail is ruff without these two by my side LoveYourPetDaypic.twitter.com/opFxSKorox
We have to take on the NRA and pass real reform to end our gun violence epidemic That starts with universal background checks a ban on assault weapons and holding gun manufacturers accountable I've beaten the gun lobby twice and I'll do it again as president.
We fall into the same pattern every time a senseless act of violence occurs politicians offer “thoughts and prayers, and calls for reform fade away until the next tragedy inevitably occurs I’m sick and tired of saying “enough is enough. We can’t go on like this any longer.
Last night’s debate took place blocks away from the site of the deadliest mass shooting in American history where a lone gunman took 58 precious lives and injured hundreds of others Yet there were zero questions about how we end our gun violence epidemic It was unacceptable.
It’s simple If you like your private health insurance plan you should be able to keep it If you don’t like it you should be able to choose a new public option That’s the choice my administration will give every American and we’ll do it without raising middle class taxes.pic.twitter.com/pQ8LjknasW
Trump thinks the media is the enemy of the people He's dead wrong America’s commitment to free press free speech and free expression should never waver and certainly not in the face of Chinese authoritarianism We've got to stand up for these freedoms at home and abroad. …
We are in a climate emergency and every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House further threatens the future of our planet. …
It's time to hold gun manufacturers accountable.pic.twitter.com/2qxmd55x9C
Action can’t wait when it comes to gun safety reform health care and immigration We need a leader with the proven ability to unite the country and get big things done.pic.twitter.com/j2tm7WXw42
I’m feeling good about what’s to come for our campaign in Nevada South Carolina and beyond I could use your help to keep this momentum going Chip in what you can it’ll make a big difference for our campaign pic.twitter.com/kzJH26LDFl
I’ve been knocked down a whole hell of a lot But I know how to get back up We have to get up and provide safety and security for the American people DemDebate
I know a lot of folks want to write our campaign off right now but tonight is showing that we're just getting started We need your help to make the most of tonight's debate Chip in to keep our momentum going: …
Whether you’re in the Oval Office or on our party’s debate stage racial profiling is wrong Period DemDebatepic.twitter.com/eeBqyEU9LB
You can sue tobacco companies You can sue pharmaceutical companies The only companies you can’t sue are gun manufacturers because of a law Bernie Sanders voted for DemDebate
I visited the Techren solar facility Let me tell you Nevada gets it Solar facilities like this one are powering our transition to clean energy and creating jobs in the process We've got to transition to a clean energy economy DemDebatepic.twitter.com/Go3jYCqz1f
Obamacare was and is a big deal The law Covered 20 million additional Americans Protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions Allows young people to stay on their parents plans until age 26 Mike Bloomberg calls that “a disgrace. I call it progress DemDebatepic.twitter.com/2uFOJf2kBd
Lots of people on stage talked about health care tonight I’m the only one who’s gotten anything done DemDebate
At the height of Michael Bloomberg’s Stop-and-Frisk program 685,724 people were stopped Nearly 80 were black or latino Nearly 90 were innocent He defended it as recently as this year Who does he think he’s fooling …
NBC did a poll the other day Who did it say the best person to beat Donald Trump was Me …
The stakes of this election couldn’t be higher we have to beat Donald Trump and we only get one chance to do it Poll after poll shows I’m the best candidate to get the job done.pic.twitter.com/EKWyeQAsoR
"In important things like flying or the running of a nation experience makes the difference between success and failure. Captain "Sully Sullenberger The White House is no place for on-the-job training We need a president who will be ready on day one.pic.twitter.com/IF17cwXud9
I've taken on the NRA and beaten them twice And I'll do it again as president because everyone should need to pass a background check to buy a gun.pic.twitter.com/Ti2iuhC1Hx
I don’t endorse Republicans. …
Welcome to the debates Mike We have a lot to catch up on about Barack Obama’s record.pic.twitter.com/bMYPLYwnfQ
I know that these past few years have felt like a constant crisis But this moment is more than a crisis it’s also an extraordinary opportunity It’s a chance for us to come back together as a nation to reassert the values that define us as Americans.
Let's be clear Weapons of war have no place in our communities That's why I took on the NRA and passed a 10-year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and I'll do it again as president.pic.twitter.com/hMQvuuXtNv
With just four days until the Nevada caucuses there’s no time to waste We need your help to make our final case to voters across the state Every donation makes a big difference during this critical stretch Chip in to bring us across the finish line: …
The abuse of power is the defining characteristic of Donald Trump’s presidency and Attorney General William Barr has helped facilitate it He should resign immediately.pic.twitter.com/FEaNfL3ZIB
North Carolina's voter ID law was never designed to protect the sacred right to vote It was designed to prevent people of color from voting I applaud today's ruling but our fight to make it easier for all Americans to vote is far from over. …
Today is the last day to early vote Nevada Confirm your polling location at and head to the polls to make your voice heard.pic.twitter.com/E3iKrRiy9C
President Obama asked me to oversee the Recovery Act which saved our economy from a depression I secured the 3 Republicans we needed to vote for it—and ran the program with almost no waste We didn’t inherit a growing economy—we worked for it That's what I'll do as President.pic.twitter.com/U8eDUZKywk
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation Donald Trump Fans the flames of hate and emboldens white supremacists Embraces dictators Rips children from their parents arms Spouts racist lies about immigrants We have to get him out of the White House.
Faith is what has gotten me through difficult times in my life It provides hope purpose and strength And it is what gives me the reason to believe that our nation's best days still lie ahead.pic.twitter.com/DM7g95aV8k
Cher thanks for the kind words I’m in Vegas this week Let me know if you need an opener! …

On PresidentsDay we remember the leaders who showed strength in moments of fear who brought us together in moments of division and showed empathy in moments of pain Then we remember that today our President is Donald Trump In November let's end this chapter of history.
Nevada you can early vote now Don't wait until Saturday to make your voice heard head to to confirm your polling location and early vote today.pic.twitter.com/9d8OmZ0Vr7
At a time when the president is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country we cannot discount the voices of those who have the most at stake in this election. …
Americans should decide American elections Period House Democrats took action to protect our elections from foreign interference it’s time Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans do the same.pic.twitter.com/ZjKZyL4KvX
I believe the best way forward is to build on Obamacare with a Medicare-like public option for every single American who wants it It's the best way to achieve universal coverage without raising taxes on the middle class Read more:
We need a president who puts protecting our children ahead of the NRA.pic.twitter.com/8i7LQrISzw
We are so much better than Donald Trump.
I need your help if we're going to beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation With the Nevada caucuses less than one week away your donation is more important than ever Chip in today: …
You know better than anybody else what works best for your family That’s why my health care plan starts with a choice you can stick with private coverage including quality plans that unions have negotiated or you can go with a new public option. …
I’ve got the record and the vision to get big things done for America.pic.twitter.com/YVxJq9oLhR
Newtown Parkland Las Vegas Enough is enough We have to take on the NRA and end our gun violence epidemic.pic.twitter.com/2f9h6AMSeZ
We are the United States of America We are strong and great because of our diversity not in spite of it Donald Trump doesn't get that We need a president who does.
Donald Trump’s inhumane fear-based immigration policies are a stain on our nation We have to get him out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Nevada early voting starts today Head to to find all the info you need to make your voice heard.pic.twitter.com/HU9Niu6J68
Working on boosting my name ID in Nevada.pic.twitter.com/B3AQVVz62C
As we celebrate BlackHistoryMonth we not only honor the past but recognize the history being written every day by folks like Milton I'm grateful he's on our team Watch his story:pic.twitter.com/oxCLuZl0K2
No one needs an AR-15 Period We have to get these weapons of war out of our communities.
With just one week until the Nevada caucuses we need your help to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election Head to to sign up to help.
Wanted to make sure you saw this realDonaldTrump “Trump’s First 3 Years Created 1.5 Million Fewer Jobs Than Obama’s Last 3.” …
Two years ago 17 innocent people were gunned down and 17 more injured by a shooter with an AR-15 style weapon at a high school in Parkland FL As we honor the memory of those we lost we must recommit to taking action to end our gun violence epidemic. …
Happy Valentine’s Day Jilly You're the love of my life and the life of my love.pic.twitter.com/AUVHeSAI1U
Rep StevenHorsford has been a champion for labor and for the state of Nevada I’m proud to have his support as we head toward the Nevada caucuses. …
In the face of unspeakable tragedy the students and parents of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School have turned grief into purpose Their courage and resolve inspires me every day and I know that with their leadership we will end our gun violence epidemic.pic.twitter.com/U0xLWBh2ag
The United States Attorney General is not your private attorney Mr President There are limits to your power. …
Too often Black and Brown voters loyalty support and commitment to the Democratic Party are taken for granted I’ve never taken it for granted and I never will The strength of our party is its diversity We need to be sure every voice is heard.pic.twitter.com/TMhEZt6HEs
America is full of possibilities With Donald Trump out of the White House we can Solve the climate crisis Rebuild the middle class Make health care a right Ensure our government works for all not just the powerful
Where I come from I don’t like people telling me what I have to choose that’s why my plan will give people the option to keep their existing plan or buy into a new Medicare-like public option In contrast Medicare for All eliminates private and union insurance plans.pic.twitter.com/LV6Ovsn0sN
Antarctica is facing extreme ice loss Sea levels and temperatures are rising around the world Yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence in front of his own eyes We need to take action to solve the climate crisis—and that starts with getting Trump out of the White House. …
I have said from the day I announced that we’re in a battle for the soul of this nation That is even more true today We have a president who has been sending dog whistles of encouragement and support to white supremacists and hate groups We have to beat Donald Trump.
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns why hasn’t Donald Trump released his He is the most corrupt president we’ve ever had.pic.twitter.com/aWI3e1lVko
I will nominate and appoint federal officials and judges who look just like the rest of America including the AAPI community I will build on the Obama-Biden Administration’s efforts to ensure that everyone has a voice in a Biden Administration …
Obamacare covered 20 million additional Americans protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions and allows young people to stay on their parents plans until age 26 We shouldn't tear all that down and start over we should protect and build on it.
Let me be clear the fight to end Donald Trump's presidency is just beginning.pic.twitter.com/U7YzD9rnW0
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation We can’t stand by and let that happen.pic.twitter.com/yu71fRAXgl
We've only heard from two of the first 50 states DC and territories—where I come from that's the opening bell not the closing bell We're going to fight for every vote in every state and we need your help to do it Chip in to help fuel our campaign: …
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning—we're taking this campaign to the rest of the country and we need your help to talk with voters Every conversation makes a big difference and it's as easy as sending a text Sign up to help today pic.twitter.com/JpiKikRrt3
I stand with the working men and women of Culinary226 because supporting labor means supporting our unions. …
AndrewYang is a leading voice about the challenges of the fourth industrial revolution He brought fun and new ideas to the race I'm grateful for it and hope we hear more from him regarding how to ensure workers succeed in an era of increasing automation.
Under Donald Trump Job growth has slowed Manufacturing is worse off Income inequality is higher than ever He is squandering the growing Obama-Biden economy that he inherited just like he has squandered everything else that he has inherited in his life.
I'm looking forward to seeing MichaelBennet continue the fight to unify our nation and beat Donald Trump in the Senate Coloradans are lucky to have him in their corner.
We need a president who chooses unity over division If we come together and unite this country there’s nothing we can’t do.
Nobody told me the road would be easy but together we can and will win.pic.twitter.com/vVtykPfJse
99.9 that’s the percentage of African-American voters who have not yet had a chance to vote in this nomination process You cannot and should not win the Democratic nomination for President without the support of black and brown voters.
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning Now we’re taking this campaign to Nevada and South Carolina and we have to give it all we’ve got Chip in to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch: …
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters volunteers and staff in New Hampshire Your hard work and faith in our campaign mean the world to me Now we’re headed to Nevada South Carolina and beyond.
Joe's about to take the stage from South Carolina Tune in to watch live: …
President Mandela was no ordinary man When he stepped out of prison 30 years ago today he immediately resumed his life's work to end apartheid He showed us that trust and reconciliation are possible delivering justice for his people.
There has been a lot of veiled criticism of the Obama-Biden record lately so let me be clear about something Barack Obama was a great president We don’t say that enough.pic.twitter.com/a5R0hMxOMX
Thank you for standing with me IBEW I'll fight alongside you every single day in the White House to strengthen America's unions and rebuild the middle class. …
Today’s the day it’s primary day in New Hampshire Head to to make calls into the Granite State from wherever you are in the country to help get voters to the polls.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation If we want to win it’s going to take everyone stepping up and making their voice heard If you live in New Hampshire confirm your polling place by heading to and make sure to get out and vote today.pic.twitter.com/yNCBuNKlmh
It's primary day in New Hampshire and we're counting on supporters across the Granite State to get out and vote Head to to confirm your polling location Together we can win this primary beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation.pic.twitter.com/HFYWSAw5Cn
Today’s the day New Hampshire Confirm your polling location at and make sure to get out and vote.pic.twitter.com/7BqdYrqFsK
Donald Trump is proposing cuts to Medicaid Obamacare and food assistance while protecting giant tax giveaways to corporations and the super-wealthy He has once again proved how morally unfit he is to lead our country. …
Donald Trump will say over and over that the economy is on the ballot this year It is But America’s character is on the ballot too And despite what Trump says we don’t have to choose one or the other We can be a good country with a good economy.pic.twitter.com/VKxpWqMeHg
The New Hampshire primary is just one day away and we need your help to talk with folks about what’s at stake in this election Head to to make calls into New Hampshire from wherever you are in the country.
I've always said you shouldn't let the barriers in life define you Brayden sure as hell didn't let them define him I'm proud to be a part of his story:pic.twitter.com/2udsXfsCfy
With just one day until the New Hampshire primary we’re hard at work making our final case to voters and we need your help Chip in today to help us deliver our closing argument to as many Granite Staters as possible …
We need a president with the courage to stand up to the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety measures not one with a long record of siding with the gun lobby. …
Experience matters The White House is no place for on-the-job training We need a president who will be prepared to clean up Donald Trump’s mess on day one.
I've lost a lot in my life but I'll be damned if I'm going to stand by and lose my country too We have to beat Donald Trump.
I know there are a lot of folks who want to write our campaign off already but I’ve got news for them We’re not going anywhere There's too much at stake in this election I will fight for every last vote but I can't do it without you Chip in today: …
There are just two days until the first-in-the-nation primary and we need your help to bring us across the finish line If you have a few minutes head to to talk with New Hampshire voters about what's at stake in this election I’d greatly appreciate it.pic.twitter.com/bLSiQfDehY
It’s not enough to just end Citizens United we have to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections It's time we return our democracy to the people.
We are in a climate emergency We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat that it is before it's too late. …
Rebuilding the middle class and ensuring that this time everyone comes along starts with one word unions That’s why I look forward to signing the PROAct as President Congratulations to the House and labor movement for passing this landmark bill.
TeamJoe has been hard at work talking with folks in every corner of New Hampshire but it all comes down to this final push Every conversation will make a big difference on Tuesday Sign up to volunteer today
When it comes to expanding access to more affordable health care Americans like Charlene can't wait I'm the only candidate in this race who has passed a big bold health care reform bill and I'll do it again in the White House.pic.twitter.com/7uq8qftn0V
Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day.pic.twitter.com/nksx4dBBh3
Former Mayor Pete doesn’t think very highly of the Obama-Biden record Let’s compare.pic.twitter.com/132TB7MHaq
I just wrapped up tonight's DemDebate and I need your help to keep this momentum going Every donation makes a big difference Chip in today pic.twitter.com/op9BaD4RYE
Lt Col Vindman is an American patriot DemDebatepic.twitter.com/ZOU4SDKTEe
With just four days until New Hampshire voters head to the polls there’s no time to waste We need your help to keep the momentum going from tonight’s DemDebate Chip in $5 to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch: …
Five That’s how many times Senator Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands I helped pass it We need a president who'll stand up to the NRA not stand with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
The United States must keep our commitments when we make them otherwise we have no power to lead the world The only way to not become the police of the world is to have allies that will join us in dealing with failed states and terrorism DemDebate
The best path forward on health care is to protect and build on Obamacare not tear it down and start over DemDebatepic.twitter.com/xXoYjc2BOb
As President I will use military power responsibly and as a last resort We will not go back to forever wars in the Middle East DemDebate
Donald Trump called our troops traumatic brain injuries “headaches. If my son had still been there in Iraq I’d have been so damn angry Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day DemDebate
Donald Trump should have been pinning a medal on Lt Col Vindman not Rush Limbaugh DemDebate
I led the Obama-Biden Administration’s efforts to pass and implement the Recovery Act which saved the American economy from another depression and sent South Bend IN over $75 million to invest in projects around the town Projects that Mayor Pete likes to take credit for.pic.twitter.com/FQOusAA3Ac
One of the most important issues we face as a nation is ensuring affordable accessible health care There's work to do but that doesn't mean starting from scratch It means protecting and building on Obamacare DemDebatepic.twitter.com/7J4nC6ZUGX
We have to get real about health care The American people deserve the truth and an explanation of what Medicare for All will cost not political games DemDebatepic.twitter.com/V6wZViZoXA
We’re not only going to have to win the White House but we have to bring along the United States Senate We can’t do that with someone who labels themselves as a Democratic Socialist DemDebate
I’m incredibly proud of Brayden for sharing his story on national TV He is truly a remarkable young man and I can’t wait to see what his future holds.pic.twitter.com/nN9ZFIAJ0W
No corporation pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than our teachers and firefighters It’s time corporations pay their fair share. …
Who in God's name needs a weapon that can hold one hundred rounds These weapons of war have no place in our communities I’ve taken on the NRA to ban them once before and I’ll do it again in the White House.pic.twitter.com/JPFMzM1kcB
We're just four days from the first-in-the-nation primary in New Hampshire and we need all hands on deck to talk with voters before they head to the polls Head to to make calls to New Hampshire voters from wherever you are in the country.
When I met Brayden this week he had a familiar anxiety on his face It was the anxiety of a kid with a stutter something I struggled to overcome when I was a kid too Here's what I told him.pic.twitter.com/IIF386n2GU
We need a president who chooses compassion over cruelty.
It’s not hyperbole to say that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation Everything that makes us who we are is at stake We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take back this country.
Empathy matters Compassion matters We have to reach out to one another and heal this country and that’s what I’ll do as president.pic.twitter.com/XVDnUc32Ij
John DiEleuterio had a huge heart and was a friend I counted on for over 50 years As a Colonel in the National Guard and as the State Director in my Senate office John served our country with dignity and distinction Jill and I send our condolences to Maureen and his family.
I firmly believe America's best days still lie ahead If we come together and unite this country there's not a single thing we can't do.
Grace I've said it before and I'll say it again LGBTQ rights are civil rights It's an honor to work for you and in service of justice for every American in this country.pic.twitter.com/8eegCp3ffS
Let's be real about health care You gotta level with the American people Tell them the truth what you think it's gonna cost and how you're gonna get it done.pic.twitter.com/37aeT57Thz
I grew up with a stutter At tonight’s CNN town hall I was asked what advice I would give to those working to overcome their own here’s what I said:pic.twitter.com/M0obXY0s6d
Today DougJones stood up and did the right thing He showed courage on the Senate floor when many did not The only way we will defeat Trump now is to keep strong Democrats in the Senate—and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket Chip in today:
Looking forward to discussing what’s at stake in this election and my bold vision for the future of our country at tonight’s town hall in New Hampshire Tune in to CNN at 8 PM ET to watch live.
Only Donald Trump could debase our nation's highest civilian honor and turn it into a partisan political prop. …
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the middle class And this time we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race gender religion ethnicity sexual orientation or disability.pic.twitter.com/TyiYGD8D0y
Fred it must not have been easy to sit there and listen to realdonaldtrump lie I’m proud of you for speaking truth to the abuse of power. …
Mayor Pete likes to call me part of the old failed Washington Was it a failure when I helped pass Obamacare the Paris Agreement the Violence Against Women Act or the assault weapons ban I have a stronger record of passing big progressive legislation than anyone running.
Last night President Trump turned his constitutional obligation to inform Congress about the state of our union into an episode of reality television It was a shameful display SOTU
Our administration brought the economy back from the brink of depression saved the auto industry and made health care available to millions of families Donald Trump gave billionaires a tax break. …
Rosa Parks helped ignite a movement that changed the course of history Let’s carry on her legacy by continuing to push our nation to finally live up to our highest ideals We can’t rest until we achieve liberty justice and equality for all RosaParksDay
Caroline has served her country with the utmost distinction both at home and abroad I'm honored to have her support as we head into New Hampshire Nevada and South Carolina. …
The fight against cancer is personal for me like it is for so many people And it's a fight we must win With the incredible breakthroughs we've made in recent years and with so many just over the horizon I'm confident that we will end cancer as we know it WorldCancerDay
ATUcomm has been integral to the labor movement and putting our country on a path towards lifting the middle class We've got a long campaign ahead of us and I'm thrilled to have the support of my friend John Costa and the hard-working members of ATU with me. …
Iowa was just the first step Now we’re taking this campaign to the rest of the country and we need your help to do it I know we’ve asked a lot these last nine months but there's never been a more crucial time for our campaign Chip in today: …
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is it’s time we show them who we are We choose Hope over fear Science over fiction Unity over division Compassion over cruelty Truth over lies.
We need a president who is not only ready to fight but is also ready to heal this country and that’s exactly what I’ll do as president There’s nothing we’ve been unable to do when we do it together.
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers in Iowa and all across the country Now it’s onto New Hampshire Nevada South Carolina and beyond!pic.twitter.com/PRwO2rieJ4
Joe's about to take the stage in Des Moines Iowa Tune in to watch live: …
Iowa if you’re in line at your caucus location by 7 PM CT you can caucus!pic.twitter.com/oQ2918WP95
America's character is on the ballot I don't believe we're the dark angry nation we see in Donald Trump's tweets we are so much better than who he thinks we are.
Imagine all the progress we can make in the next four years With Donald Trump out of the way we can make affordable health care a right lead the fight on climate change and ban assault weapons It's all possible And it starts tonight in Iowa.pic.twitter.com/Zf0Z0q6Sp1
In a few hours Iowans will gather around the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president It’s a big responsibility—and we need everyone on TeamJoe to show up and make their voices heard Head to to confirm your caucus location.pic.twitter.com/lHozVyO6i9
The next president will inherit a country divided and a world in disarray There will be no time for on-the-job training We need a president who is ready on day one.
The stakes of this election could not be higher We only have one chance to beat Donald Trump and we need a nominee who can get the job done.pic.twitter.com/N1yrARZHvc
Caucus Day is here Iowa Head to to confirm your caucus location and plan to show up by 6:30 PM CT I hope I can count on your support because together we can beat Donald Trump unite this country and win the battle for the soul of this nation.pic.twitter.com/ZM0aET6rW7
It’s caucus day in Iowa and we need your help to bring us across the finish line If you have a few extra minutes head to to make calls into Iowa I’d greatly appreciate it Let’s finish strong.pic.twitter.com/rA1MXti3L2
We choose Hope over fear Unity over division Truth over lies Our nation’s character is on the ballot Iowa Tonight let’s show them who we really are.pic.twitter.com/GU5pUGcCHE
Today’s the day Iowa Confirm your caucus location at and make a plan to arrive by 6:30 PM CT.pic.twitter.com/vmzNwW1Kro
We can beat Donald Trump We can unite this country We can restore the soul of this nation It all begins tomorrow night in Iowa.pic.twitter.com/Lhj8CSmOZG
When we launched this campaign I said we were in a battle for the soul of this nation That battle begins tomorrow night in Iowa—and requires everyone stepping up and making their voice heard If you’re with me let me know by committing to caucus today: …
My values are rooted in the American character tough resilient but always full of hope We need a president who appeals to the best in us and unites this nation because if we come together there’s not a single thing we can’t do.pic.twitter.com/t8qkivIL48
This is the final stretch the Iowa caucuses are just one day away and we need your help to keep the momentum going Every phone call and every conversation will make a big difference tomorrow night Head to to make calls into Iowa Let’s get to work.pic.twitter.com/ZNUfpBg2B8
When I say we need to restore the soul of the nation I’m not talking about taking us back to an America that never existed—but propelling us forward to a place we’ve never been Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
I’ve never been more optimistic about the future of America There’s not a single thing we can’t do if we do it together.pic.twitter.com/u4ZVMv31P0
TeamJoe has been hard at work making phone calls knocking doors and talking with as many folks as possible over the last nine months—but it all comes down to these last few days We need all hands on deck for this final push Sign up to volunteer today pic.twitter.com/OP2UVH0zaD
The Iowa caucus is tomorrow night it’s time to make your plan Caucusing is fun and easy and making a plan only takes a few minutes Head to to make sure you’re all set.pic.twitter.com/gzExf4lb0v
Trump further diminished the U.S in the eyes of the world by expanding his travel ban This new “African Ban, is designed to make it harder for black and brown people to immigrate to the United States It’s a disgrace and we cannot let him succeed. …
America was founded on the ideals of equality equity and fairness—we've never fully lived up to them but we've never stopped trying During BlackHistoryMonth and all year-round let's celebrate the rich history and culture that's always been vital to the fabric of America.pic.twitter.com/FNYM1O6CMm
Health care is on the ballot We need to protect Obamacare from Donald Trump’s relentless attempts to repeal and sabotage it and build on the law to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality affordable care.pic.twitter.com/KlbtBOASNU
We are in the midst of a crisis with the coronavirus We need to lead the way with science not Donald Trump’s record of hysteria xenophobia and fear-mongering He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency.
The Iowa caucus is just two days away and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible before Monday night Head to to make calls into Iowa from wherever you are in the country.
From my childhood in Scranton Pennsylvania to the halls of the White House the middle-class values of hard work respect and decency have guided my entire life It's time we brought those values back to the Oval Office.pic.twitter.com/QUXgb4ghzm
The Iowa Caucus is just days away and polls show us in a dead heat I'm confident that we can compete and that we'll go on to beat Donald Trump—but we need your help to do it Every dollar makes a big difference—chip in to bring us across the finish line pic.twitter.com/MMU0cI7qLm
America's farmers deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump's empty rhetoric and broken promises.pic.twitter.com/SCUVSM7EQx
We have to restore the soul of this nation build an inclusive middle class and unite the country to get big things done That all starts Monday night in Iowa If you’re with me let me know by committing to caucus today …
With just three days until Iowa we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what’s at stake in this election Every conversation during this final stretch will make a big difference on Monday night Sign up to volunteer today pic.twitter.com/CU5D8Mr1W9
America's character is on the ballot We can overcome four years of Donald Trump but if given eight years in the White House he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation We can't let that happen.pic.twitter.com/TnQrX0hCUi
Donald Trump's Muslim ban is a direct betrayal of America’s most fundamental freedom religious freedom And now he's adding more countries to his list of who's not welcome in America It's not who we are and we'll prove that when we beat Trump this November and end the ban.pic.twitter.com/qdlU5P7MZQ
I've stood up to bullies my entire life and I'm ready to stand up to the one in the White House I hope President Trump heard that message loud and clear when he saw this ad air during Fox Friends this morning.pic.twitter.com/TImcrK1T48
Time and time again Donald Trump has proven he has no moral rudder Instead of having respect for others he insults and demeans He preys on divisions and stokes hate instead of healing and uniting Trump is everything we aspire not to be as Americans.
JohnDelaney ran his campaign with conviction to make our government work for the American people He will continue to be an important voice in shaping our country for years to come. …
Let's be clear If Donald Trump can afford to give giant tax breaks to the super-wealthy then he can afford to ensure that the most vulnerable in our society receive the health care they need and deserve We should be expanding Medicaid not cutting it. …
Airline catering workers will feed thousands of people traveling to the Super Bowl but can’t afford to feed their own families I stand in solidarity with unitehere_sofla AmericanAir needs to ensure LSGSkyChefs pay their workers living wages. …
The character of a president matters and we have to make that clear this November.pic.twitter.com/hQobfKY7Fx
Donald Trump is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had After four years of his self-made chaos we'll need a president who is ready to clean up the mess on day one.pic.twitter.com/TCOjc3aubF
With just four days until Iowa and one day until our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline your support has never been more important Every donation big or small goes a long way in this final stretch Chip in today to help fuel our campaign: …
We can't let Donald Trump define us as a nation we are so much better than who he thinks we are Let’s choose to be the more perfect union we've always aspired to be and restore the soul of this nation.pic.twitter.com/zqQnWXRPcN
In four days Iowans will gather in every corner of the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president It's a big responsibility and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible about what's at stake Take action today:
It’s no understatement to say that Donald Trump represents an existential threat to the future of our country He has repeatedly shown little understanding of and zero regard for our laws our values or our democracy We have to get him out of the White House.
Ending gun violence is on the ballot We have to take on the powerful gun lobby and pass common-sense measures that will keep our kids safe I've beaten the NRA twice and I'll do it again as president.pic.twitter.com/lrgFPskUrf
As I’ve said many times health care is deeply personal to me like it is for so many Americans I’m proud to stand with SEIU1199NW to fight for safe staffing patient care and fair pay. …
The true character of a person is revealed in the Oval Office We saw it with President Obama We're seeing it with President Trump and what we've witnessed from this president over the last three years makes clear that we can't give him another four.pic.twitter.com/SEb3XztnKI
Donald Trump has slammed the door shut in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence On day one I will eliminate President Trump’s decision to limit asylum and end the MPP program …
I've spent my entire life bringing people together to get big difficult things done And I intend to do that as your president unifying our country at the moment we need it most There’s no limit to what we could do if we come together. …
Equal pay for equal work is common sense and long overdue That's why the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that the Obama-Biden Administration signed 11 years ago today We have to continue the fight until we close the gender pay gap once and for all.
We need a president who respects religious freedom.pic.twitter.com/5PrjnXCig5
The decision to allow the Trump Administration to discriminate against immigrants based on wealth is a cruel betrayal of our values The next four years could have a generational impact on our federal courts we have to make Donald Trump a one-term president.
I need your help if we're going to restore the soul of this nation With the Iowa Caucuses just days away your donation is more important than ever Chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign pic.twitter.com/RfI3EuTCcI
Climate is on the ballot If we don’t get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action now to address the climate crisis our planet may never recover.pic.twitter.com/Xu0IrxdYTQ
Donald Trump’s demonstrated failures of judgment and his repeated rejection of science make him the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health challenge. …
Imagine all the progress we could make in the next four years We could make health care a right lead on climate change and get assault weapons out of our schools It could all be a reality but first we have to beat Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/O0FZ2Z1nlx
A peace plan requires two sides to come together This is a political stunt that could spark unilateral moves to annex territory and set back peace even more I've spent a lifetime working to advance the security survival of a Jewish and democratic Israel This is not the way. …
Iowans on Feb 3rd you have a chance for a twofer You can ruin Donald Trump's night and you can ruin Senator Ernst’s too.pic.twitter.com/NU8hk2TOAf
Let's remember one thing when it comes to impeachment Donald Trump is on trial because he's afraid to run against me He knows I’ll beat him this November.
Health care is personal to me Deeply personal And I guarantee you that if I'm elected president I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own family’s.pic.twitter.com/Uj15uqjsCi
Iowa caucus-goers take note Joni Ernst just spilled the beans She and Donald Trump are scared to death I’ll be the nominee On Feb 3rd let’s make their day. …
No family in search of a better life should be denied permanent residency because they don't meet Donald Trump's wealth test The United States of America should be open and welcome to all not just the wealthy. …
Let's be clear Donald Trump's Muslim ban was never about safety it was a blatant ploy to fan the flames of bigotry and score points with his political base I will end it.
With just one week until the Iowa Caucus we need your help to bring us across the finish line Every door knocked phone call made or dollar chipped in goes a long way in this homestretch Head to to get involved.pic.twitter.com/7F1dyHYd4V
On HolocaustMemorialDay and the 75th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation we honor the millions of Jews and other victims whose lives were extinguished by the Nazi regime Today and every day we must give hate no safe harbor to ensure such atrocities never again occur.
Selling off public services to private interests at the expense of workers and their communities should be a non-starter Congratulations to the members of ATUComm who went on strike for 84 days to fight for their rights and won. …
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future and we are running out of time to address it We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and rally the world to meet the urgency of this moment.pic.twitter.com/7kNfqn3EGi
I'm grateful to have the endorsement of the scj The battle for the soul of this nation begins in Iowa and I'm confident that together we'll make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country. …
Congrats MichelleObama on winning a Grammy for telling your story with strength and with grace Jill and I are so thrilled for you Just beat Barack to an EGOT will ya? …
Jill and I are sending our prayers to the Bryant family and to everyone who lost loved ones in today’s crash It’s a reminder of how special and fragile life is And it’s a reminder that we’ve got to make every day count.
Make no mistake Our best days still lie ahead If we come together and act as one America there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
The seas are rising Australia is burning And in this moment of crisis our President thinks windmills cause cancer Solving the climate crisis starts with beating Donald Trump And once I do we'll pass my ambitious climate plan.
Firefighters represent the best of America they put their lives on the line every single day and selflessly rush toward danger to save others I'm grateful for the endorsement of IAFFNewsDesk There's no group of people I'd rather stand with.pic.twitter.com/KXWOONKaXl
Every American deserves access to safe clean drinking water We have to hold polluters accountable and rid our water of unsafe levels of these chemicals for good. …
Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating throughout the country I'm grateful for the contributions that the AAPI community has made to enrich America's diversity I hope the Year of the Rat brings good fortune health and happiness to all.
One of my favorite parts of the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories So my team and I are picking one lucky person to sit down with me for a cup of joe Chip in today for your chance to win pic.twitter.com/YKzqbOMTvs
Let’s be clear Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time There is no room for compromise when it comes to basic human rights.
After four years of Betsy DeVos and the Trump Administration our students and educators will need strong advocates in the White House who will repair the damage they have caused That's exactly what they'll have with me and DrBiden. …
34 U.S troops have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury after Iranian missiles struck their base in Iraq Donald Trump brought us to the brink of war—then dismissed the injuries as “headaches. The idea that the commander in chief would take this lightly is disgusting. …
The stakes of this election couldn’t be higher Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office he poses a threat to America and the world We have to beat him.pic.twitter.com/yaf8S3gEF1
Immigrants have always made our country stronger Our diversity is and has always been our greatest strength Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who does.pic.twitter.com/XQblLTH61O
The next president will face the enormous task of picking up the pieces left by President Trump They will have to salvage our reputation rebuild confidence in our leadership and mobilize the world to meet new challenges There will be no time to lose. …
My Dad used to say "don't tell me what you value Show me your budget and I'll tell you what you value. Your 2020 budget cuts Social Security and Medicaid while protecting giveaways to the wealthiest You've shown us what you value. …
Great news out of Utah No child should be subjected to the vile immoral practice of conversion therapy We have to ban it at the federal level and make sure every young person is affirmed and accepted just as they are. …
I tell people that when a family experiences tragedy the most important thing they can do is to turn their grief into purpose fred_guttenberg found his purpose and his courage and determination have helped fuel the fight for gun safety reform.pic.twitter.com/CAEHM0zBeI
U.S troops hurt in Iran's missile attack are being evaluated for traumatic brain injuries To Trump it's just “headaches. We need a president who respects our service members and honors our sacred duty to care for our wounded warriors. …
It’s not hyperbole to say Donald Trump is a threat to our planet We have to get him out of the White House and treat the climate emergency like the existential threat that it is Our future depends on it.
On the anniversary of a hopeful moment it's clear Trump's Venezuela policy is a dead end Millions are suffering with the Maduro regime still in power. …
It’s going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part to beat Donald Trump and take back this country And with just 11 days until Iowa your help has never been more important Head to to take action from anywhere in the country.
When we divert public funds to private schools we undermine the entire public education system We've got to prioritize investing in our public schools so every kid in America gets a fair shot That's why I oppose vouchers Espinoza
Empathy matters I think it's important not only for leaders but for everybody to treat people with respect.pic.twitter.com/5HhEOowbBg
An administration that gives trillions in tax cuts to giant corporations and the super-wealthy but cuts food assistance for the most vulnerable in our society is morally bankrupt.
47 years ago today RoevWade recognized a woman's constitutional right to choose but that right is under attack across the country We must codify Roe into law and fight back against any state laws that violate it.
My administration will not cut Social Security or Medicare benefits Period We’ll expand them Meanwhile Donald Trump is saying he would consider sacrificing seniors benefits to protect tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and big companies We have to defeat him in November. …
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy DeVos.pic.twitter.com/ItIVwhBcDC
Every morning I get up I think to myself "Is Beau proud of me? He’s the one who made me promise to stay engaged and that promise guides me every day.pic.twitter.com/EYHItOpeML
We have to end Citizens United but we can't stop there It's time we eliminate all private dollars from federal elections and return our democracy to the people.
I've been fighting to protect and expand Social Security for my whole career Any suggestion otherwise is just flat-out wrong.pic.twitter.com/KWIIJgFqGk
Our government should work for everyone not just the powerful or super-wealthy We need to Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections End Citizens United and dark money groups Increase transparency and accountability
Make no mistake Obamacare is on the ballot this November Coverage for millions of Americans and protections for pre-existing conditions are on the ballot We have to protect the progress we've made and show up to the polls to defend the Affordable Care Act. …
Ten years ago the Supreme Court unleashed an unlimited flood of dark money into our politics with its Citizens United decision—further corrupting our politics eroding faith in our democracy It’s time we end Citizens United Add your name if you agree: …
I was reminded this weekend by Pastor McCallum that we've got to bring a sense of community back to this country That work starts now.pic.twitter.com/TB2R8sg3z7
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement And in my administration we won't just protect it We'll expand it.pic.twitter.com/Uwilx0GlDQ
Thanks for acknowledging this Bernie These kinds of attacks have no place in this primary Let’s all keep our focus on making Donald Trump a one-term president. …
The courage shown today by the lawmakers staff and gun safety advocates in Richmond is inspiring It's long past time the calls for reform are met with concrete action that ends our gun violence epidemic IStandWithVirginia today and every day until the job is done. …
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President I've spent my entire career fighting against discrimination and championing civil rights I'm running for president to bring that fight to the Oval Office and give everyone a full share of the American dream.pic.twitter.com/y015JDgrti
In times of crisis and division a president should seek to calm and heal But time and again President Trump has chosen to further stoke the flames He is poison to the soul of our nation. …
As Dr Martin Luther King Jr said “The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice. As we seek to restore the soul of this nation from a long moral lapse we look to those words and take solace that this too shall pass and justice will prevail MLKDay
Honored to have won Jacquelyn's endorsement.pic.twitter.com/tGpNZjXacu
Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics have brought America to an inflection point In this moment we have an enormous opportunity to take the next great step forward as a nation Let's get to work We can do this together.pic.twitter.com/4jTqAI3aCj
This is a big victory for South Carolina The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is we have to break down barriers to the ballot box and ensure every American can make their voice heard. …
The big banks didn't need an additional $32 billion in savings and their shareholders certainly didn't need an extra $21.5 billion in payouts It's time we ensure corporations pay their fair share and that our country rewards work not wealth. …
The 60th anniversary of our alliance with Japan reminds us that close partnership and deep cooperation are among our greatest assets I understand the value of our alliances they make us stronger I would build on this legacy rather than dismantling it.
I stand with the snow plow drivers who work day in and day out to keep our roads safe often in dangerous conditions Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits Stay safe out there IBT_320. …
Thank you Captsully for sharing your story There’s a lot of kids who I bet needed to hear it Being different isn’t a barrier to success It can give you the strength to save lives in a crash landing or even run for President. …
Donald Trump continues to embrace corruption at home and abroad Rather than addressing the root causes pushing people to flee Central America he has undermined anti-corruption bodies—first in Guatemala and now in Honduras. …
There used to be a basic bargain in this country—when you worked hard you shared in the prosperity you helped create But CEOs and Wall Street continue to put profits over workers It's wrong We have to restore the dignity of work and ensure everyone earns what they deserve.
Together we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country Chip in if you’re ready to leave him in the dust pic.twitter.com/qCgcncjpln
Weapons of war have no place in our communities It’s time we take on the NRA and ban assault weapons for good.
Vermont you don't have to wait until March 3rd to cast your ballot you can early vote now Head to to find all the info you need to make your voice heard in the primary.pic.twitter.com/L4oMQotl0g
Happy birthday MichelleObama You’re a shining light in the lives of all that have the honor of knowing you Jill and I are grateful to call you a dear friend But don’t tell Jill I’m still eating ice cream And I’m not sorry.pic.twitter.com/YSvEKrvlRk
We need a president who respects our troops and who will restore honor and integrity to the Oval Office.pic.twitter.com/q9o1dUJ00h
Donald Trump says he prefers war heroes who "weren't captured. He attacks Gold Star families Now he calls our generals “losers, “babies and “dopes. He degrades the office he holds every day. …
No malarkey here.pic.twitter.com/7ODeSCfYMu
Minnesota early voting is now open Don’t wait until March 3rd to cast your ballot head to the polls and be one of the first in the nation to make your voice heard in the primary Find everything you need to know here pic.twitter.com/PfCV0FiHLq
It is a moral failing when children are ripped from their parents arms locked away in overcrowded detention centers and denied toothbrushes and soap We have to end Donald Trump's cruel policies and build a fair and humane immigration system.
This isn't just about who I am this is about who we are as a country We're tough resilient but always full of hope With every fiber in my being I believe there’s not a single thing we can't do—if we do it together.pic.twitter.com/GfPWX1VTvH
Hate never goes away it just hides And when leaders give it oxygen as Donald Trump has done it comes roaring back.pic.twitter.com/NsCSRzlWlk
America’s farmers have had enough of your empty promises Mr President
Let's be clear white supremacy racism and violence have no place in America We have to root out these evils and give hate no safe harbor If we stand together we will win the battle for the soul of our nation. …
Voting is a right. …
A president has to be able to not only fight but heal and bring our country together I promise you that’s what I will do if I’m elected.pic.twitter.com/MiRb0eGq9H
The character of our nation is on the ballot in this election We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are and we have to prove that this November.pic.twitter.com/dToLAHQ2Hd
If true this constitutes an unprecedented attack on our Foreign Service Amb Yovanovitch spent her life advancing U.S interests only to be defamed by this administration Our diplomats deserve better It's inexcusable that Sec Pompeo won't defend them. …
America has never lived up to our promise of equality for all but we've never stopped trying Virginia brought us closer to that highest ideal today by ratifying the long overdue ERA Women's rights should be explicitly in our Constitution—not left to the whims of legislators. …
I'm more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old If we come together and unite this country there's not a single thing we can't do.pic.twitter.com/LGNHTgei6W
My thoughts and prayers are with Mustafa Kassem's family at this difficult time His death after six years in an Egyptian jail is an outrage Americans unjustly detained anywhere in the world deserve our government’s full support and relentless efforts to secure their release. …
This seems like a great reason to rejoin the Paris Agreement realDonaldTrump. …
I’m proud that today our campaign is launching HBCU Students for Biden This program will be dedicated to helping HBCU students throughout the country learn how to organize for our campaign Sign up here pic.twitter.com/blPhAsMK1m
I'm ready to debate Donald Trump on the economy The American people are getting clobbered and the wealthy are the only ones doing well We have to rebuild the middle class and this time make sure everyone comes along.pic.twitter.com/C36Kym6X8J
Cornell is right everything is at stake this November We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and unite this country Because if we come together and act as one America there is nothing that we can't accomplish.pic.twitter.com/RkNCr4M0ag
Historically Black Colleges and Universities have always been the heartbeat of our country’s fight for justice That’s why I’ll invest $70 billion in HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions When HBCUs rise we all rise—join HBCU Students for Biden today pic.twitter.com/HqlwjwgeTU
I just got off the debate stage in Iowa where we're in the homestretch before the caucus With just 19 days left every dollar counts Chip in if you're ready to take back this country and make Donald Trump a one-term president pic.twitter.com/DJDvE02g5l
This is the United States of America There’s not a single thing beyond our capacity if we do it together Let’s go do it DemDebate
With just 20 days until the Iowa Caucus we need your help to fuel our campaign Every donation—big or small—goes a long way in this homestretch If you liked what you heard at tonight's DemDebate please chip in what you can to keep our momentum going: …
Look I’ve been the object of Donald Trump’s affection now more than anyone else on this stage I’ve taken all the hits he’s delivered and I’m only getting stronger in the polls DemDebate
Republicans have savaged my only surviving son They’ve spread lies about me that networks won’t even carry It doesn’t matter if they go after me As President of the United States I have to be able to not only fight I have to heal And that’s what I’ll do if I’m elected.
Child care is personal to me I was a single parent as a young senator I commuted home to Delaware every night to tuck my kids into bed Child care should be affordable for every parent DemDebate
Make no mistake the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump’s own making He claimed walking away from the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal He failed on both accounts.pic.twitter.com/S2nsclIN1B
Under the Biden administration labor and environmental groups will be at the table to negotiate trade agreements Period.pic.twitter.com/gKXwU2SpVu
Medicare should be able to negotiate prices with drug companies DemDebate
I’ve been very clear about what my health care plan would do Build on Obamacare by giving Americans more choice reducing health care costs and making our health care system easier to navigate DemDebate
If we don’t write the global rules of the road for trade cyber climate change and so much more they may be written by China or other nations that don’t share our values DemDebate
I wouldn’t meet with Kim Jong Un without pre-conditions By meeting with him Donald Trump gave Kim Jong Un what he was looking for legitimacy I will work closely with our allies and hold China accountable for its lack of pressure on the Kim regime’s bad behavior DemDebate
No president can take our country to war without the informed consent of the American people DemDebate
There’s a big difference between sending tens of thousands of American combat troops to the Middle East indefinitely which I oppose and will end and using small teams of special forces to support local forces doing the fighting to advance our common security DemDebate
No one should shed a tear for Qassem Soleimani But Trump’s reckless escalation and thoughtless withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal has made America less safe We need a return to diplomacy and a steady hand at the wheel to navigate an increasingly dangerous world DemDebate
When Trump discarded the Iran nuclear deal he promised it would produce a “better one and curb Iranian aggression—the reverse happened Iran has restarted its nuclear program and become more provocative I’ll return to smart disciplined diplomacy to address the threats we face.
In 2009 President Obama asked me to oversee our effort to bring home our combat troops I’ll put my record and my judgment up against anyone in terms of who is the right person to be Commander in Chief DemDebate
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s DemDebate in Iowa Make sure to follow along here and on TeamJoe for updates throughout the night and tune in to CNN at 9 PM ET to watch live!
So much of what’s tearing this country apart can be fixed if we treat each other with basic dignity and respect once again That starts with having a president who leads by example. …
Donald Trump has once again sided with corporations over American workers by making it easier for them to get away with wage theft and overtime violations It's time we put workers rights over corporate greed and ensure everyone has the workplace protections they deserve. …
We’re in a battle for the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul He has Fanned the flames of hatred and bigotry Embraced dictators Ripped children from their parents arms Degraded our national character We have to get him out of the White House.
Why are you so obsessed with me Mr President?pic.twitter.com/BbAawEvQo6
I'm married to a teacher I see firsthand how difficult it is We've got to let educators do their job so our students can succeed that means paying them the salaries they deserve and giving them the respect that they've earned. …
From day one Donald Trump has been determined to roll back every environmental protection he could get his hands on At a time when the climate crisis is pushing our planet to the brink we should strengthen protections not weaken them. …
The stakes of this election could not be higher Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation We can't let that happen We have to do everything in our power to make him a one-term president.
When we said to give us your tired poor and huddled masses we absolutely did not mean "unless they are fleeing violence." …
Transit workers are being attacked every day often while buses are moving putting bus drivers and riders in harm's way That's why I strongly support the Transit Worker and Pedestrian Protection Act to protect our workers from harm while doing their job. …
Donald Trump has no strategy when it comes to Iran No endgame The only way out of his self-made crisis is through diplomacy clear-eyed hard-nosed diplomacy grounded in strategy that's not about one-off decisions or one-upmanship. …
Come on Your administration has been arguing in court to repeal protections for people with pre-existing conditions You're trying to take health care away from millions of people The least you could do is be honest about it. …
Cory you campaigned with joy and heart and instead of just talking about bringing people together you did it every day You made our politics better just by running Grateful to you and looking forward to your continued leadership.
Puerto Rico should not be treated any differently than if this happened anywhere else in America it's wrong We should be surging all the help that is needed to fix the damage done by the earthquakes.pic.twitter.com/AIAuQy2Fjs
There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump We can Address the climate emergency Build a more inclusive middle class Build on Obamacare Ensure our government works for everyone not just the powerful
Trump’s reckless policies have needlessly endangered our interests in the Middle East But none of us should be under any illusions about the Iranian regime and the Iranian people like all people everywhere have the right to peaceful protest The world should support them.
Gracias por su apoyo Mayor EricGarcetti Estoy orgulloso de caminar junto a los bomberos los Angelenos y los Americanos Y hoy me siento orgulloso de caminar junto a ti Vamos.pic.twitter.com/X0WRq7QEnD
Thank you for your endorsement Mayor EricGarcetti I’m proud to walk with firefighters Angelenos and Americans And today I’m proud to walk with you Let’s do this.pic.twitter.com/I01t0L2wXI
I want to congratulate my friend Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller on making history I've known Tom for years he has never been afraid to take on the tough fights and has always served with honor and integrity—Iowa and our nation are better because of it. …
I've seen firsthand how hard our educators work for little pay and with few resources They deserve better It's time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve.
What kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs We have to take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reforms to protect our children.pic.twitter.com/d76FxbwBuB
Congratulations to President Tsai and the people of Taiwan for another successful election You are stronger because of your free and open society The United States should continue strengthening our ties with Taiwan and other like-minded democracies. …
Members of Teamsters Local 104 are striking against ASARCO for their unfair labor practices—I called into the picket line to support them Every company should provide its workers with the pay and benefits they've earned—especially one that pulls in over $1 billion in profits.pic.twitter.com/Pm1EYxodmU
Firefighters represent the best of America courageous selfless and always answering the call to duty I'm grateful to those who are heading to help our friends in Australia battle devastating wildfires. …
Being a nation of immigrants is and has always been one of our greatest strengths Our diversity has always made us stronger but Donald Trump doesn’t get that.pic.twitter.com/W8ORewXTYA
Make no mistake the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump's own making He brought us to the brink of war with no plan and no strategy He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had.pic.twitter.com/LkmJvh1FAn
I've released 21 years of my tax returns Why haven't you released any of yours Mr President Release your taxes or hush up about corruption.pic.twitter.com/g1C7l4imKW
Donald Trump brought us dangerously close to starting a new war with Iran without any semblance of a plan This moment requires a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces and repair the damage Trump has caused.pic.twitter.com/HDNnbR8tEB
I started the Cancer Moonshot so we could be the generation that finally cures cancer You then tried to slash nearly $1 billion for cancer funding We're lucky that the cancer rate is down but we're luckier that Congress stopped you. …
This election is about the soul of America and a nation that allows our epidemic of school shootings to continue has a troubled soul We have to beat the NRA and get weapons of war off our streets Lives depend on it.pic.twitter.com/WtSljHo3ka
Facebook continues to put their profits over the truth allowing politicians like Donald Trump to spend an unthinkable amount of money on paid disinformation Our democracy is worse off for their failure to confront this. …
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are We don’t have to give in to his dark petty angry vision of America We can choose to be the more perfect union we have always aspired to be and restore the soul of this nation. …
Instead of using his statement today to lay out a coherent strategy on Iran Donald Trump used it to mislead the country on the Obama-Biden record He's been President for three years It's time he stops blaming President Obama for his failures.
I'm thankful no one was hurt in last night's attack But we're only in this mess because Donald Trump pulled out of the Iran Deal (which even his advisors said was working) turned his back on our allies and had no strategy for what comes next.
Gabby is one of the strongest people I know The resilience she has shown is remarkable I'm inspired by her courage in turning tragedy into purpose and grateful for her relentless determination to make our country a safer place for all. …
3,820 days that's how long it's been since the federal minimum wage was last raised It’s unacceptable Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour nationwide should be just our starting point for ensuring workers receive the pay they deserve. …
Pope Francis is absolutely right As a nation we have a moral obligation to ensure everyone has access to the care they need Health care is a right for all not a privilege for the few. …
We have to rebuild the middle class But this time we have to make sure that people historically left out of the middle class whether due to race gender sexual orientation disability or religion have the chance to be included in our success …
I’m going to hold off on commenting on the news tonight until we know more but there is one thing I will say Jill and I are keeping our troops and Americans overseas in our prayers We hope you’ll keep them in yours.
Donald Trump says he wants to end endless wars in the Middle East yet he is bringing us dangerously close to starting a new one.pic.twitter.com/lTXpzBrqQR
Estoy con el pueblo de Puerto Rico nuestros conciudadanos en este momento de necesidad Es inconcebible que gran parte del arduo trabajo de la recuperación ante desastres aún no se haya hecho Tenemos que ofrecer apoyo concreto a Puerto Rico antes de que se pierdan más vidas. …
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico our fellow citizens in this moment of need It’s unconscionable that so much of the hard work of disaster recovery continues to be left undone We've got to deliver concrete support for Puerto Rico now before more lives are lost. …
Nicolás Maduro is a dictator I strongly condemn his regime’s violent takeover of the Venezuelan National Assembly the country’s sole remaining democratic institution. …
Donald Trump is the most reckless incompetent commander in chief we've ever had Every day he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the world We have to get him out of the White House Chip in to help make him a one-term president: …
At 1:00 PM I'll be speaking about the escalating situation with Iran and the imperative need to restore respected responsible and dignified leadership on the world stage Tune in to watch live: …
Trump wants to ignore climate science when making infrastructure decisions In the Biden Administration every dollar spent toward rebuilding our roads bridges buildings the electric grid and our water infrastructure will be used to reduce and withstand a changing climate. …
On Día de los Reyes as Christmas comes to a close we are reminded of the call of the three kings to give of ourselves without expectation seek peace no matter how long the journey and know that a bright future is within reach Jill and I wish a Happy Three Kings Day to all!
Let's be clear Donald Trump does not have the authority to take us into war with Iran without Congressional approval A president should never take this nation to war without the informed consent of the American people.
John Deere is laying off yet another round of workers in Iowa because of Donald Trump's reckless trade war All he's succeeded at is taking jobs away from American workers It has to stop. …
I stand in solidarity with those marching in New York against the rise of anti-Semitism This is what the battle for the soul of our nation looks like and it's up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor. …
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired the poor the huddled masses yearning to breathe free But Donald Trump has slammed the door in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence Jill traveled to Matamoros to shed light on how these policies hurt asylum seekers.pic.twitter.com/2Bwwl2pEzq
This is a crisis of Donald Trump’s own making He claimed pulling out of the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal He has failed on both counts He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we’ve ever had. …
Hey realDonaldTrump do you think the American people want another war in the Middle East Des Moines certainly doesn’t.pic.twitter.com/uFgQuqg1oL
The more the walls close in on this guy the more irrational he becomes. …
The world is burning yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence of climate change before all of our eyes We have to get him out of the White House and take urgent global action to combat the climate crisis before it’s too late. …
This simply shouldn’t happen in America Folks deserve access to affordable quality long-term care in their homes We have to fight for Alex and those who use long-term care. …
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump but if we give him eight years in the White House he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation We can't let that happen.pic.twitter.com/LPhHZS08UE
On the trail I hear countless stories from folks whose lives have been changed by Obamacare We can't afford to start over—we need a president who will protect and build on it to ensure everyone has access to quality affordable care.pic.twitter.com/99TUE7n9Gs
The prospect of direct conflict with Iran is greater than ever Does Donald Trump have a strategy for what comes next Nothing we have seen from this Administration suggests that they are prepared to deal with the risks we now confront.pic.twitter.com/RF7DD3rcDb
We need a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces of Donald Trump's broken foreign policy and repair the damage he has caused around the world.pic.twitter.com/mB6i1U2yPv
Our world has been set on edge by an erratic unstable and dangerously incompetent commander in chief The stakes could not be higher Every day that Donald Trump directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States and the world.pic.twitter.com/EoWjabVp3u
My statement on the killing of Qassem Soleimani.pic.twitter.com/4Q9tlLAYFB
Donald Trump stacked the Supreme Court with justices to try to overturn Roe v Wade—and now Republicans are seizing the opportunity to restrict a woman's constitutional right to choose We have to fight these attacks and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. …
We're just one full day into 2020 and there have already been at least three mass shootings across the country Enough is enough We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic.
Before the holidays Jill walked across the Gateway International Bridge into Matamoros Mexico where families are enduring inhumane conditions Jill witnessed the cruelty of Trump's policies and the resiliency of those risking their lives to seek asylum. …
If you're a teacher or a firefighter you're probably paying more in taxes than Amazon or Netflix We've got to make sure corporations pay their fair share.
I'm excited to share that we raised $22.7 million this last quarter our biggest quarter so far this campaign Thank you to everyone who chipped in what you could your support means the world to me You truly are the heart of our campaign.pic.twitter.com/L53z9YbLsX
Like Vicky said we need a president who will restore integrity to the White House.pic.twitter.com/i8k2OwsK7k
It was a privilege to work with JulianCastro during the Obama Administration and a true honor to be in this talented field of candidates with him He led his historic campaign with grace and heart and used his platform to lift the voices of others Thank you Mr Secretary.
Every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House puts the future of our planet at risk We have to beat him this November and take immediate action to address the climate emergency. …
This election is about the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul.pic.twitter.com/cwzycLJV0d
With just over one month until the Iowa Caucus we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election Join our team today and let's get to work:
Every single human being deserves to be treated with dignity Everyone The poor and the powerless the marginalized and vulnerable the “least of these. That has been the animating principle of my life and my faith. …
Our final fundraising deadline of 2019 is just hours away and we need your help Every donation big or small goes a long way to helping us make Donald Trump a one-term president Chip in before midnight to help us reach our goal: …
As we move into the New Year there's one thing I know in 2020 we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country.
2019 was a year of record violence it will be a moral failure if we allow 2020 to be the same We have to elect leaders with the courage to take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform We have to end this epidemic. …
Next year could give us one of two things a new administration or four more years of Donald Trump We can defeat him but only with your help Chip in what you can before our midnight deadline …
It will take years to repair the damage Betsy DeVos is doing to our schools Our students and educators deserve a Secretary of Education who values our public schools and is actually an educator. …
We all said that Donald Trump’s trade war would lead to job losses and higher prices And now it’s leading to job losses and higher prices I didn't read “Art of the Deal, but this is the textbook definition of a failed negotiation. …
Tomorrow marks our end-of-year fundraising deadline and we need your help to reach our goal Our campaign relies on supporters like you giving $5 $10 $20 at a time Chip in to help us end the year on a strong note pic.twitter.com/bfTcNfh9Bx
Health care should be more than just a luxury reserved for those who can afford it It’s a right we all deserve one that is central to our dignity and to who we want to be as a country. …
My dad had a saying “Joey the greatest sin of all is the abuse of power. Right now our democracy is at risk We’ve got to come together and fight back against Donald Trump Democrats Republicans Independents alike.pic.twitter.com/uZBwyJFD9V
Scripture is clear It’s not enough to just wish the world were better It’s our duty to make it so—including by leading the world in addressing the climate crisis and providing a roadmap to citizenship for those contributing to our communities. …
Congressman Lewis has always fought in the name of building a more just more fair country If there's anybody who can take the fight to cancer it's you John Jill and I are sending our prayers to you and your family Keep the faith and keep up the fight. …
No one in America should work full time and live below the poverty line It’s past time we raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and provide a reliable pathway to the middle class. …
Donald Trump will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we've made We have to protect the ACA and build on it to ensure every American has access to quality affordable care.pic.twitter.com/kpR8YxOFMY
The horrifying rise of antisemitism is tearing apart the fabric of our communities and the soul of this nation We've got to stand together as a country and fight these flames of hatred My deepest sympathies are with the victims their families and the Jewish community. …
Our democracy is in trouble We’re at the breaking point And we need a president who will rise above the personal attacks and reach out to unite this nation If we come together and act as one America there's nothing we can’t accomplish.
The subpoenas should go to witnesses with testimony to offer to Trump’s shaking down the Ukraine government they should go to the White House.
But I am just not going to pretend that there is any legal basis for Republican subpoenas for my testimony in the impeachment trial That is the point I was making yesterday and I reiterate this impeachment is about Trump’s conduct not mine.
I want to clarify something I said yesterday In my 40 years in public life I have always complied with a lawful order and in my eight years as VP my office unlike Donald Trump and Mike Pence cooperated with legitimate congressional oversight requests.
Our end-of-year fundraising deadline is quickly approaching and we need your help to reach our goal in order to make the investments in Iowa necessary to win With just 38 days until the caucus we need every dollar we can get Chip in today: …
Donald Trump is a threat to the future of our planet Over the last year he has rolled back regulations on Methane leaks Auto pollution Clean water protections Endangered species protections We have to get him out of the White House. …
This is a big victory in the fight for voting rights We should be making voting easier not harder and ensure every American can make their voice heard at the ballot box. …
Next year the American people will decide who we are as a nation and perhaps even more importantly who we want to be We are so much better than who President Donald Trump thinks we are. …
Jill and I would like to send our best wishes to everyone celebrating Kwanzaa Today is the start to a seven-day reflection on the rich heritage of African-American culture remembering the seven principles.
Donald Trump is cutting food assistance for 700,000 people but somehow found $1.4 billion for his sham of a border wall This administration is morally bankrupt. …
When we say Merry Christmas from the entire Biden family that means even the dogs.pic.twitter.com/PblQHBH792
May your time with loved ones be full of peace laughter and joy Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays With love from my family to yours.pic.twitter.com/L7mwR4nBKd
Hope you all are having as much fun this holiday as I did answering these questions:pic.twitter.com/hOYtYs8mCz
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change and time is running out to address it If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House our planet may never recover. …
It’s simple companies should have to compete for workers just like they compete for customers We should get rid of non-compete clauses and no-poaching agreements that do nothing but suppress wages. …
Our firefighters work tirelessly to make our communities safer better places to live We need a president who supports them and rewards work not wealth.pic.twitter.com/ncy4GgZ8SO
We can’t let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer We need to take on the NRA and pass common-sense reforms to end our gun violence epidemic. …
Donald Trump should release his taxes or shut up about corruption.pic.twitter.com/5G8VwWsyx0
After the most corrupt administration in modern American history the next president faces a big task restoring faith in American government We must root out corruption and ensure our government works for the people not the powerful. …
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation We can’t sit by while hate crimes surge fueled by a president who fans the flames of white nationalism It’s up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor. …
DrBiden and I send our warm wishes to everyone celebrating Hanukkah in the United States and around the world Chag Sameach!
America's farmers are being undermined by Trump's broken promises No one knows that better than Iowa We need a president who will keep his word. …
If Donald Trump ever makes you feel like this chip in $5 to help us get him out of the White House pic.twitter.com/2r8kUyYHbT
I’ve dedicated my life to public service We need a president who honors that duty.pic.twitter.com/nNLb7MjZYt
Michael Cohen Michael Flynn Rick Gates Paul Manafort George Papadopoulos Roger Stone Donald Trump has surrounded himself with people who flout our laws we shouldn’t be surprised that he thinks he is above the law We deserve better as a country. …
If anyone has reason to be angry with Republicans it’s me I have no love for them after the way they’ve attacked me and my family But we have to unite this country and get things done.pic.twitter.com/GYFzcjMcAm
TJ Stay strong Me Jill and the whole Biden family are with you Not just in spirit for anything You have the right attitude You are going to beat this and when you do we are going to be there to celebrate Love you and we're here with you. …
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class And this time we have to ensure everyone comes along.pic.twitter.com/H8XjoicQnR
I don’t care whether you’re an undocumented immigrant an asylum seeker or born in the US Forcing people to choose between being reunited with their kids and risking arrest sets a new standard for cruelty This idea is Stephen Miller’s The responsibility is Trump's. …
When Champ and Major go to the vet I want them to get the best care and for their caretakers to be paid a fair wage marspetcareUS are standing in the way of unionization efforts at VCAPetHealth and bluepearlvet Vet techs deserve a voice in the workplace.
It has now been nearly 300 days It’s time for senatemajldr McConnell to do his job and bring this bill up for a vote Lives depend on it. …
I’m more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old If we come together and act as one America there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
We had a great night at tonight’s DemDebate and I really appreciate your support Let’s keep this momentum going if you can chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign now pic.twitter.com/hEaa5daSSP
China commits enormous human rights abuses and denies its citizens access to basic information all while Trump looks the other way If I am president human rights won't be blacked out of the conversation. …
We've got to level with the American people Don't play games with them Tell them the truth and be authentic.pic.twitter.com/PdJCTVnuU2
If you believe we need to bring empathy back to the White House chip in $5 pic.twitter.com/s3mGJHxXBB
I just stepped off tonight's DemDebate stage where I discussed my bold vision for our future and how I'll deliver real change for American families It was a great night but now I need your help chip in $5 to keep our momentum going: …
The ability to make change will come down to three things Who can beat Trump Who can help flip the Senate Who can turn big ideas into change I am the best candidate on stage to do all three DemDebate
The climate emergency presents an enormous opportunity for our nation to take action We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis DemDebatepic.twitter.com/1NpOrW2Eo1
Let’s be clear Medicare for All not only ends private health coverage it eliminates millions of jobs and increases taxes on the middle class DemDebatepic.twitter.com/PCN0yggK4Y
I have long been a skeptic on Afghanistan We must learn the lessons of the past 18 years It is long past time to end America’s longest war and focus on what is achievable a narrow counterterrorism mission DemDebate
I refuse to accept the notion that we can never get to a place where we have cooperation again If that’s the case we’re dead as a country When we can’t convince them we have to go out and beat them DemDebatepic.twitter.com/mQqU7aRc4f
The United States and our partners make up more than half of global GDP If we stand together China won’t be able to withstand the pressure We should be mobilizing our allies to meet this challenge not driving them away DemDebate
America's commitment to Israel’s security must be unwavering The Obama-Biden administration provided unprecedented levels of assistance including for Iron Dome But true peace and security for Israelis Palestinians requires a two-state solution Trump has set us back.
If anyone has reason to be angry with the Republicans and not want to cooperate it's me the way they've attacked me my son my family I have no love But the fact is we have to be able to get things done and when we can't convince them we go out and beat them DemDebate
We need to restore integrity to the office of the Presidency And it's time we got that underway DemDebatepic.twitter.com/ZZMLhU3CQi
The middle class is getting killed 40 of farmers in the midwest couldn’t pay their bills last year We have to make sure the middle class has a shot and that’s why we must change this Presidency now DemDebatepic.twitter.com/790cFmj5Oa
The science is clear we need action now and we can't do it alone As president I will take unprecedented action at home and abroad to tackle the climate crisis head on DemDebatepic.twitter.com/SyVhWMnAaE
My north star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country the middle class And I’m going to make sure that this time everyone comes along DemDebate
The House carried out its constitutional duty in impeaching Donald Trump Regardless of the outcome in the Senate we must stay focused on doing everything we can to ensure he doesn’t get elected to a second term Join us:
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s DemDebate in LA Follow along here and on TeamJoe for updates throughout the night and tune in to PBS and CNN at 8 PM ET to watch live!
Our children's future and the success of America stands on the shoulders of public school educators Educators deserve to have fair wages and the resources they need to be able to do their jobs. …
The defining characteristic of the Trump Administration is the abuse of power.
Joe Burrow worked hard to reach the pinnacle of college football but he never forgot the everyday struggle of the community he came from Joe your humility is inspiring Thank you for reminding us to never forget those less fortunate than us. …
John Dingell was an American patriot and a selfless public servant and Debbie Dingell has carried his legacy in the House with grace and dignity This is equally as cruel as it is pathetic and it is beyond unconscionable that our President would behave this way. …
Donald Trump failed to repeal the ACA in Congress Now he has turned to the courts to sabotage it and is threatening protections for more than 100 million people with pre-existing conditions in the process We need to protect Obamacare and build on it. …
President Trump abused his power violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation This is a solemn moment for our country But in the United States of America no one is above the law not even the President.
With just 47 days until the Iowa Caucus we need your help to talk with voters across the country about what's at stake in this election You can make a difference from wherever you live by going to to get involved.
Deberíamos dedicar las mentes más brillantes de Estados Unidos a resolver la epidemia de violencia armada Estos fondos para la investigación sobre las causas y la prevención de la violencia armada debieron haberse otorgado hace mucho tiempo. …
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class And this time we’re going to ensure that everyone comes along.pic.twitter.com/Ldks3fIeYT
Hate didn’t begin with Donald Trump and it won’t end with him But this is a defining moment in our nation’s history A moment where we are once again called to fight against the same forces of hate and intolerance that we've battled throughout history. …
We should be dedicating America’s brightest minds to solving the gun violence epidemic This funding for research on the causes and prevention of gun violence is long overdue …
Glad to hear UNITEHERE11 and Sodexo reached a tentative agreement that provides workers with the wages and benefits they deserve I look forward to joining the debate tomorrow to discuss how I'll strengthen our unions and build an inclusive middle class. …
It is long past time that every American has 12 weeks of paid leave to address their own health needs or care for any of their loved ones.
It's about time that federal workers get paid parental leave Congratulations to BrianSchatz and CarolynBMaloney for pushing this bill over the finish line in Congress. …
We need a president our children can look up to.pic.twitter.com/WbQUecrEI9
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office he proves how morally unfit he is to lead our country We must make him a one-term president.
JohnKerry is a patriot who has dedicated his life to serving our country I'm lucky to call him a friend and honored to have his endorsement.pic.twitter.com/gU0ACEDu0L
Let’s call this what it is a right-wing effort to influence our elections and make it harder for folks to vote We have to fight these partisan attacks on our democracy and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box. …
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change We need a president who is ready on day one to rally the world to meet the urgency of this crisis.pic.twitter.com/vbNKpTgtRK
If Donald Trump is re-elected he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation forever We can't let that happen.pic.twitter.com/cJA6N2hILG
Amazon Netflix General Motors Chevron Starbucks and 86 other corporations paid less in federal income taxes than you did last year It's wrong and it needs to end It's time corporations pay their fair share. …
We must take on the NRA and get these weapons of war off our streets.pic.twitter.com/qRtP71LPtI
Good news the open enrollment deadline has been extended until December 18th Head to to choose a quality affordable health insurance plan for 2020 …
This same poll has you losing to me by 7 points. …
I'm grateful to have the support of Birmingham Mayor Randall Woodfin It's time we come together and remember who we are as Americans we treat each other with dignity we give hate no safe harbor and we leave nobody behind.pic.twitter.com/WxOTxVmneP
As president I’ll partner with American farmers to combat climate change and make U.S agriculture the first in the world to achieve net-zero emissions all while giving farmers a new source of income in the process pic.twitter.com/Dk3n487Pab
These kids and their families suffered unimaginable horror and loss This past weekend—7 years to the day of the Sandy Hook massacre—they won the state championship They give me hope and can teach us all a lesson about resilience in the face of tragedy. …
It is within our capacity to end the gun violence epidemic We need a president who will take on the NRA and beat them (again).pic.twitter.com/iEiodcxOL4
The administration should extend the deadline plain and simple This is personal to me We can’t let Trump sabotage Obamacare and prevent thousands of people from getting care If you can't access and want to GetCovered call (800 318-2596. …
Health care is personal for me like it is for so many Americans That’s why I’ll never stop fighting to ensure everyone has the peace of mind that comes with quality affordable health care.pic.twitter.com/qxdND2TC3z
We gotta beat Trump next year and we’ll need a strong strategic ground game run by top-notch organizers to make it happen TheDemocrats are already building it through orgcorps2020 Send in your application ASAP OC2020
Today is the last day of Obamacare's open enrollment for 2020 coverage Head to to find an affordable quality plan that works best for you GetCovered
My favorite part of being on the road is getting to visit small neighborhoods and talk to voters like Greg Every conversation I have makes me even more optimistic about the future of our country pic.twitter.com/qMpDppXZPi
2019 was Alaska’s warmest year on record and it’s affecting vulnerable indigenous communities As president I promise that I will take bold action against climate change and ensure we achieve a 100 clean energy economy. …
The Trump Administration is recklessly loosening regulations on greenhouse gas emitters As president I’ll ensure these corporations are held accountable. …
The leading Democrat opposed to impeachment is switching parties to protect Trump The best way to beat him is to give him a well funded opponent and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket Pitch in to me and the Democrat who will face him …
Donald Trump has presided over the most corrupt administration in modern American history.
Our teachers aren’t just educators they’re coaches They’re giving our children the confidence they need to grow just like they did when I was a kid If we want to invest in the future of America it starts with supporting our teachers.pic.twitter.com/td2hHkXSqK
Climate change is a global crisis that requires a global response Sign this petition if you think the United States should rejoin the Paris Agreement:
As president I’ll call for an unprecedented investment in our country’s infrastructure so the American middle class can compete and win in the global economy Read my full plan here:
Seven years after Newtown we have to ask ourselves what kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs We can defeat the NRA And we'll use every tool of our democracy to do it. …
Donald Trump doesn’t know who we are as a country We’re a nation of immigrants and our diversity has always been our biggest strength.pic.twitter.com/ziFAlokFyc
There is enormous opportunity once we get Donald Trump out of the White House My administration will tackle the climate emergency head-on and create 10 million jobs to power the clean energy economy of the future pic.twitter.com/bpE37M46CW
I won't be crossing a picket line We’ve got to stand together with UniteHere11 for affordable health care and fair wages A job is about more than just a paycheck It's about dignity. …
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is and we can protect it by restoring the Voting Rights Act stopping foreign interference in our elections fighting back against gerrymandering and calling for automatic voter registration …
Tom Joyner is like no other TJMShow and his presence in the community were legendary and his work on HBCUs will make a difference for generations Tom made millions smile and touched many lives on and off-air "The Fly Jock is an undisputed legend. …
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the climate emergency On day one I’ll take bold action to unleash the power of renewable energy and put us on course to become a 100 clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050 pic.twitter.com/EEYmGGy51M
I applaud the Senate's landmark legislation formally recognizing the Armenian Genocide If we don't fully acknowledge the past “never again loses its meaning The facts must be as clear and as powerful for future generations as for those whose memories are seared by tragedy. …
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes and we’re all paying the price We must get him out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is.pic.twitter.com/X1jaCtz1c3
We must restore our nation's commitment to humane and effective immigration policies As president I'll provide a fair and just system that helps to grow and enhance our economy and secure our cherished values.
The one truly sacred obligation our government has is to properly train and equip the men and women who defend our nation at war and to care for them and their families—while they’re deployed and after they come home We need a president who will honor that obligation.pic.twitter.com/sWnsYRr4k1
What kind of president bullies a teenager realDonaldTrump you could learn a few things from Greta on what it means to be a leader. …
Give it a rest man. …
Trump’s reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement has put our ability to confront the climate crisis in jeopardy It proves he doesn’t have any idea of what we’re up against despite indisputable evidence And it again confirms that he's incapable of real leadership.
I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement on day one—and rally the world to push our progress further and faster It’s time to put an end to Trump’s shameful abdication of leadership The future of our country and the world our children and grandchildren inherit hangs in the balance.
The first and most important part of my climate change plan beating Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/juiL35urWH
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are we cannot let him define us as a nation.
We must take urgent action to end Donald Trump’s draconian immigration policies In my first 100 days we will End his inhumane asylum policies End wasteful efforts to build a wall Reverse “Muslim bans Reverse his “public charge rule Protect Dreamers TPS holders
Trump has bullied our neighbors in Central America and abandoned U.S leadership in the region As president I'll renew a robust commitment to U.S leadership and pursue a comprehensive strategy of support for Central America:
You shouldn’t be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for Period.pic.twitter.com/sqNVioTmDM
Our gun laws make these hate-filled attacks even more deadly We must pass common-sense reforms to keep guns out of dangerous hands and work to end our gun violence epidemic.
DrBiden and I are keeping those affected by this hate-filled attack in our hearts We cannot be silent in the face of anti-Semitism We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry and to give hate no safe harbor. …
Being a nation of immigrants has always been one of our greatest strengths Our diversity makes us stronger Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who does.pic.twitter.com/cQSjBrRF1o
Immigration has always made us stronger—it’s essential to who we are But Donald Trump has waged an assault on our values as a nation of immigrants As president I'll undo Trump’s damage and put our values back at the heart of our immigration system:
GretaThunberg’s passion and courage have inspired millions and sparked a youth-led movement for change in every corner of the globe This honor is well-deserved and serves as a reminder of the urgent drastic action we must take to address the climate crisis. …
Folks are coming together across the country to host watch parties for next week's Democratic debate Head to to sign up to host one in your community.
We can't afford four more years of a president who denies the scientific evidence in front of his eyes We must get Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is. …
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history At every turn he has used the power of the presidency to benefit his own personal interests It has got to end I'll ensure our government works for all Americans not just the powerful.
My team and I are going to pick one lucky person to come out and join me for dinner (and ice cream on the campaign trail Time is running out to enter the contest chip in today for your chance to win pic.twitter.com/a0XhAHT22l
With just two months until the Iowa Caucus we embarked on an eight-day 18 county NoMalarkey barnstorm across the state Folks are fired up to defeat Donald Trump and take back this country.pic.twitter.com/E2384zqaTa
Couldn’t have said it better than Chief Acevedo “You’re either here for women and children and our daughters and our sisters and our aunts or you’re here for the NRA.” …
We shouldn’t have to live in fear of President Trump’s erratic impulsive decisions.pic.twitter.com/83szCP1ZvL
Yesterday on the eve of HumanRightsDay Trump again coddled a dictator—blocking a UN meeting on North Korean human rights betraying our values Trump continues to side with the brutal Kim Jong Un regime at the expense of American leadership our allies and our security. …
DrBiden and I join communities around the world in marking HumanRightsDay This day is a time of reflection and recommitment to the notion that all human beings are equal in dignity and rights. …
It’s been just two months since John Deere laid off 160 workers in the Quad Cities in part because of President Trump’s reckless trade war—and now a second round of layoffs is expected in the same community Trump’s failed policies are destroying American jobs.
36,878 that’s how many Americans have died from gun violence so far this year We cannot go on like this any longer We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic.
Donald Trump is erratic unstable and dangerously incompetent Every day that he directs our national security is a dangerous day for the United States.pic.twitter.com/aGUxe4ItmQ
We can make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country but we cannot do it without your help Join our team today and let’s get to work:
No matter where you start in life there should be no limit to what you can achieve We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and this time make sure everyone comes along.
Educators deserve a partner in the White House As president I will support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve Learn more about my plan for educators students and our future:
Prescription drug companies are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals it’s wrong As president I will stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and put an end to runaway drug prices Read my full plan here:
It is our moral responsibility to end gender-based violence And as president I will lead the global effort to end sexual violence
We cannot go on denying the devastating effects of climate change we must choose science over fiction As president I will address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. …
It is within our grasp to end our gun violence epidemic As president I will hold gun manufacturers accountable get weapons of war off our streets and keep guns out of dangerous hands Read my full plan:
DrBiden and I send our deepest condolences to the family friends and colleagues of former Iowa congressman and statesman Berkley Bedell Congressman Bedell’s legacy will be remembered as the epitome of public service Iowa is a better place because he served there.
I’m glad the Senate passed the FUTUREAct to permanently fund historically black colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions I’ll invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability build new facilities and support student success. …
We cannot stand by and let Donald Trump destroy the character of our nation We must make him a one-term president.
Today we remember Pearl Harbor and those we lost like Seaman Roy Powers and Seaman Jimmy Palides who we honored today in Oelwein Iowa It’s an opportunity to reflect on all our veterans sacrifices and recommit to ensuring they receive the care they have earned.pic.twitter.com/hmeijbsWaF
Marge turns 100 soon so I asked her about her secret to longevity.pic.twitter.com/j8gDx03e5h
We have a Secretary of Education who doesn't value our public schools an EPA Administrator who doesn’t believe that climate change is an existential threat and an Attorney General who puts the selfish interests of the President ahead of the American people We deserve better.
It's the final day of the NoMalarkey barnstorm but the enthusiasm we’ve seen could make a big difference in the next few weeks before the Iowa Caucus We need your help to keep this momentum going—contribute today to keep fueling our efforts pic.twitter.com/6HJra0VG0X
House Democrats have passed legislation to Enact universal background checks Reauthorize VAWA It’s time for senatemajldr McConnell to do his job and bring these bills up for a vote. …
Couldn't have said it better myself I’m honored to have JohnKerry join me for the NoMalarkey barnstorm.pic.twitter.com/qMLSGkG91x
We deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding. …
Today House Democrats led the way by passing a bill to restore the Voting Rights Act All but one Republican voted against it Shameful Strengthening our democracy should not be a partisan issue HR4 RestoreTheVote
The Voting Rights Act used to be one of our best tools to fight state laws designed to suppress the vote particularly the votes of people of color Then it was gutted by the Supreme Court and Congressional Republicans have refused a legislative fix.
I’m so proud and so humbled to have JohnKerry's support He is an American hero statesman visionary and friend His endorsement and partnership mean the world to me.pic.twitter.com/RShmQw3F2n
I'm proud to stand with SEIU1984 and NH’s state employees as they fight for fair wages Governor Sununu cannot shortchange workers with a contract that doesn't fairly compensate them UnionsForAll NHPolitics
DrBiden and I send our prayers to those affected by today's tragic shooting at Naval Air Station Pensacola We're grateful for the brave first responders who rushed to the scene and selflessly risked their lives to save others.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck It’s about dignity It’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be okay—and mean it Too many people today can’t do that We have to rebuild an inclusive middle class and restore the dignity of work.
This administration is morally bankrupt. …
We need a president who is respected on the world stage.pic.twitter.com/Hqv6T06Mtv
Congratulations AFLCIO on 64 years of empowering workers to bargain for what they deserve The 40-hour workweek paid leave health care protections a voice in your workplace safety it’s all because of unions It’s time we recognize that.
Nuestro presidente debería ser capaz de cumplir con una prueba simple entender que los puertorriqueños son ciudadanos americanos y que tienen derecho a y merecen el mismo apoyo del gobierno de los Estados Unidos que todos los demás ciudadanos. …
Our president should be able to meet a simple test understanding that Puerto Ricans are American citizens and that they are entitled to—and deserve—the same support from the United States government as every citizen Donald Trump has failed that test. …
DREAMers are Americans and it’s time we make it official We must keep our promise to them and provide a pathway to citizenship.pic.twitter.com/3yFphHXXpi
President Trump continues to embarrass us on the world stage We need a president who is ready on day one to repair our global reputation and restore American leadership abroad But I can't get to the White House without your help chip in today: …
As president I’ll make sure giant corporations and the super-wealthy pay their fair share in taxes and then invest that money in growing a stronger more inclusive middle class. …
President Trump is destroying American leadership and credibility abroad As president I'll rebuild a modern agile U.S Department of State—investing in and re-empowering the finest diplomatic corps in the world. …
My administration will spark the second great railroad revolution to propel our nation's infrastructure into the future and help solve the climate emergency.pic.twitter.com/0LEAtfweyv
The world is laughing at President Trump They see him for what he really is dangerously incompetent and incapable of world leadership We cannot give him four more years as commander in chief.pic.twitter.com/IR8K2k54YQ
Take a look inside the NoMalarkey bus with my favorite road trip partner DrBiden.pic.twitter.com/P6l93iqigR
We are in a battle for the soul of America It’s time we come together remember who we are and take this country back …
Nearly 1 in 3 women worldwide are subjected to physical violence rape or stalking by a partner at some point in their lives As president I’ll tackle this epidemic head-on and work to end violence against women
The Trump Administration's "Infrastructure Weeks have been a bunch of malarkey As president I'll make a transformational investment in our nation's infrastructure and future pic.twitter.com/pPd81hckon
I applaud Monday's sentences against seven of the men found guilty of killing Honduran environmental leader Berta Caceres Environmentalists and human rights activists should not have to fear for their lives …
Every worker deserves fair wages good benefits and protections from sexual harassment I’m proud to stand in solidarity with hgsuuaw I urge the university to negotiate in good faith to secure a fair contract with good health care benefits.
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation rebuild a more inclusive middle class and unite all Americans If you’re with me let me know by chipping in to our campaign today: …
Kamala Harris is an incredible talent with unlimited potential Her career has been defined by taking on those who abuse power and seeking equity and justice for all people Her intellect and insight will continue to be needed by the Democratic Party and the country.
Everyone deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality affordable health care My administration will give people the choice between their existing plan and a Medicare-like public option It’s the most effective way to achieve universal coverage.
Confirmed true.
In the United States of America we leave nobody behind no matter your race gender religion sexual orientation or disability We need a president who understands that.pic.twitter.com/2a4Y74lX37
If we don’t take urgent action to address the climate emergency our planet may never recover We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on. …
My team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal all expenses on us And yes we can have ice cream for dessert Time is running out to enter chip in for your chance to win pic.twitter.com/oQkCKI0fPf
We must get these weapons of war out of our communities NoMalarkeypic.twitter.com/zuEKa4ENFV
I’ve always believed we are strongest when we act as one America If we come together and unite this country there is nothing that we cannot accomplish If you agree join our team today:
GovernorBullock and I have always agreed on a central tenet of his campaign every American deserves a fair shot He has served Montana well and will continue to do so with fairness and strength Thank you Governor.
Meet Richard Find out why he like millions of Americans supports protecting and expanding Obamacare.pic.twitter.com/Yp6G1ci0ag
American leadership has served as the backbone of NATO since its founding 70 years ago until President Trump His abdication of America’s traditional leadership role could not come at a more critical moment for the alliance. …
64 years ago today Rosa Parks courageous act forever changed our country and the course of history We must continue to follow her brave example and speak out against injustice wherever it is found.
We’re officially on the road for our eight-day NoMalarkey Tour across Iowa!pic.twitter.com/cGSblBnHoZ
Congressman and former Admiral JoeSestak has served his country bravely for decades He ran his campaign with the same standards of strength and respect he has held his entire life Thank you for your service.
Every voter counts We need a president who is ready to listen to every voice.pic.twitter.com/PAXhdgwCkm
Over the last 30 years the fight against HIV has taught us to be big-hearted to follow the science to treat everyone with dignity and respect and to protect the human rights of all who walk this planet …
Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation We cannot let that happen We must make him a one-term president.
It's clear who President Trump works for His administration prioritized giant tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations meanwhile they've attacked food assistance every chance they've gotten It’s heartless No one should go hungry in America. …
Fired up and ready to go for the NoMalarkey barnstorm!pic.twitter.com/4lpU7waqzh
Jill and I would like to extend our greetings to those celebrating the Hmong New Year Wishing you joyous colorful celebrations throughout the country filled with music quality time with family and all blessings for new beginnings Nyob Zoo Xyoo Tshiab!
26 years ago I fought to get the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act passed and established the background check system that has kept guns out of the hands of so many dangerous individuals I’ve taken on the NRA and beaten them twice As president I’ll do it again.
Today and every day I encourage you to shop locally and support the folks in your community working hard every day SmallBusinessSaturdaypic.twitter.com/aAvftiI1W7
I’m incredibly thankful for the supportive members of TeamJoe across the country working hard every day for our campaign I’d love to know what you’re thankful for Share your story here: …
Every single community should have access to clean safe drinking water Period As president I will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities. …
It's time we start rewarding work not just wealth As president I'll reverse Trump's tax cuts for the super-wealthy and build a stronger more inclusive middle class.
Tomorrow we’re kicking off our eight-day 18 county “No Malarkey barnstorm across Iowa I’d love to see you there Head to to find an event in your community.pic.twitter.com/YngzAn9vKZ
Not a joke folks To celebrate Black Friday we’re giving you an extra 10 off our TeamJoe gear Head to and use the code ‘BlackFridayDeal to receive your discount.pic.twitter.com/425cWaxCpz
I believe in redemption As president I’ll ensure that those who were formerly incarcerated have the opportunity to fully reintegrate into society earn a good living and participate in our democracy as our fellow citizens Read my full plan here pic.twitter.com/OK3OJtxf0Q
Jill and I greatly admire the work of NobelPrize laureate DenisMukwege and PanziHospital for raising awareness and caring for survivors of sexual violence in eastern Congo We must end impunity for perpetrators 16Days
Thank you JeanneShaheen for leading the fight to ensure that women veterans have the resources they need to be safe from violence One of my top priorities as president will be to renew and expand VAWA including passing this bill. …
We have so much to be thankful for today and every day Happy Thanksgiving to those serving overseas who can’t be home with family and to Americans in every corner of the country We hope your day is filled with family and friends laughter and gratitude.pic.twitter.com/Sp0NGh1aaC
I’ve dedicated my life to public service We need a president who is ready on day one.pic.twitter.com/I1iomqIsJh
The effects of climate change are devastating and we must take action My bold plan will ensure the U.S leads the world to address the climate emergency. …
Many of those seeking asylum on our southern border are fleeing horrific forms of gender-based violence As president I will restore asylum status for domestic violence survivors spearhead an initiative to end violence against women and girls in Central America 16Days
Obamacare provided protections to over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions It was a huge step forward but we can’t stop there I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality affordable health care.
We cannot let President Trump define who we are as a nation America is hopeful and inclusive we give hate no safe harbor and leave no one behind We are everything that Donald Trump is not.pic.twitter.com/98nSHN3hSJ
We’ve got to build a stronger more inclusive middle class That starts by strengthening public and private sector unions because all workers should be empowered to bargain for what they deserve Read my full plan:
It’s not enough to wish the world was better we have to make it so That belief has guided my life as it has Rev Dr Frantz Whitfield's He’s a pillar of Iowa's faith community and I’m grateful to have his support.pic.twitter.com/LulKAlCc3x
Prescription drug corporations are profiteering off of the pocketbooks of sick individuals it’s wrong It’s time to stand up to this abuse of power and I’m ready to take on the battle as president Read my plan:
I'd love to but it's right before the New Hampshire primary I'll be busy talking to voters about how I'm going to beat Donald Trump Come join me You can sign up to join our team here …
It’s going to take all hands on deck to reach our end of month goal I’d really appreciate your help Chip in what you can …
America’s farmers deserve better.pic.twitter.com/r9TEIuX2kE
The next president will face the enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America's broken foreign policy under President Trump There’s no time for on-the-job training We need a leader who is ready on day one.pic.twitter.com/Ty6bEoNl96
South Carolina’s Social Security number requirement is an unnecessary burden that discourages folks from participating in our political process It's wrong and should be reversed We should be making voting easier not harder. …
I'm incredibly honored to have the endorsement of Tom and Christie Vilsack I know with their support we can win the Iowa caucus earn the nomination and beat Donald Trump next November.pic.twitter.com/dZqI2XrqUS
The American people are still waiting to see your tax returns realDonaldTrump What are you hiding?
We must get Donald Trump out of the White House Once we do we can Combat climate change Rebuild a more inclusive middle class Protect and build on Obamacare Ensure our government works for all Americans not just the powerful
I promise you that DrBiden and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for America’s educators and students.pic.twitter.com/wvI2e6TWb8
One of my favorite parts of being on the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories That's why I want to sit down and have dinner with you—and yes we can have ice cream for dessert Chip in for your chance to win pic.twitter.com/dnnpiKOIS5
We need to face the facts on climate change it’s already here and it poses an existential threat to our future There is no time to waste On day one I’ll take the bold action necessary to protect our planet for future generations. …
realDonaldTrump you're a serial liar and the most corrupt president in modern American history I can hardly wait to take you on.pic.twitter.com/vjEiGWqllR
Today I join leaders and activists around the world in recommitting to ending violence against women everywhere Donald Trump has undermined American leadership I'll restore it and work to address gender-based violence in all its forms …
Our students and educators cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
It’s time we remember who we are as Americans we treat each other with dignity we leave nobody behind and we give hate no safe harbor.
Weapons of war have no place in our communities I’ve successfully taken on the NRA to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before and I’ll do it again in the White House.
I’m running for president to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along regardless of race gender religion ethnicity sexual orientation or disability.
Four more years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of this nation We cannot stand by and watch that happen.
Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election As president I will ensure health care is a right not a privilege and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve Read my full plan:
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet we must take action As president not only will I recommit us to the Paris Agreement I’ll lead the world to up the ante in addressing our climate emergency. …
Thank you Tom and Christie Vilsack for your support Together we will win Iowa and move this country forward.pic.twitter.com/zuZm2sdGvU
Our hearts go out to the families of Iranian protesters who were killed this past week Iranians like people everywhere have a right to protest peacefully without being brutally attacked by their own government and having the internet shut down for days The world is watching.
The Trump Administration’s “Infrastructure Weeks are a joke but our crumbling roads and bridges are not We need a transformational investment in America’s infrastructure and future pic.twitter.com/JkONIQrBcA
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history He has to go If you agree chip in $5 to help us make him a one-term president: …
We’re officially on the ballot in South Carolina!pic.twitter.com/Ij7GWwiMwe
This election is about who we are and who we want to be I believe we are a nation that welcomes those fleeing persecution and seeking asylum not a nation that turns our back on them. …
Corruption is Donald Trump’s middle name.
We need to build an economy that reflects our values My administration will reverse the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations We'll then use that money to build a stronger more inclusive middle class.
Obamacare was and is a big deal It saved lives and gave millions peace of mind We cannot afford to tear it down and start over we should protect and build on it
It’s clear that Donald Trump has abused the power of the presidency Full stop He is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
Campbell is an incredible young man and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey.pic.twitter.com/vi1bGh3FjY
We had a great night at the DemDebate but we need your help to keep this momentum going Chip in $5 now pic.twitter.com/TqWHFrM3IK
Get ready Iowa I'm heading your way for an eight-day 18 county “No Malarkey barnstorm Find an event near you pic.twitter.com/uTsZVdvgRE
The White House is not a place for on-the-job training I'll be ready on day one.
Let’s keep the momentum from tonight’s DemDebate going If you’re on TeamJoe chip in $5
We have to speak out and speak loudly about violations of human rights DemDebatepic.twitter.com/FeVoveXqzZ
This is the United States of America There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it Let's take back this country and lead the world again DemDebatepic.twitter.com/te4M9fRGCE
I just stepped off the DemDebate stage where I laid out my bold vision for our future and what's possible if we unite this country If I made you proud tonight can you chip in $5 to help power our campaign: …
That’s all we have Thanks for tagging along for tonight’s DemDebate Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
We have to fundamentally change the culture of how women are treated in this country DemDebatepic.twitter.com/bvrK6yPvcd
Roe v Wade is the law of the land Period As president Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a woman’s constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law DemDebate
"In the United States Senate I passed more major legislation than everybody on this stage combined. DemDebatepic.twitter.com/G8HYd8eFHA
Over the last few days there has been a lot of misinformation on where Joe Biden stands when it comes to our marijuana laws Read the facts below DemDebatepic.twitter.com/JEgMfuBgLQ
25 years ago Joe Biden led the fight to pass the Violence Against Women Act and as president he’s going to build on it DemDebate pic.twitter.com/urNJjGEg23
"It's the Attorney General of the United States not the president's private attorney. DemDebatepic.twitter.com/30yUe3jgCd
Joe will take on changing the culture on our college campuses that enables sexual violence building on the ItsOnUs effort he started with President Obama
Human rights should be at the core of our engagement with the world--not the periphery As president Joe Biden will hold accountable Saudi Arabia China and every nation that violates the human rights of their citizens DemDebate
Under President Trump the North Korean nuclear threat is getting worse not better As President Joe Biden will coordinate closely with our allies and hold China accountable for not putting pressure on North Korea He'll see Kim Jong Un for what he is a ruthless tyrant.
More than anything we need a president who can deliver on climate change Joe Biden has a proven record of bringing people together to achieve real lasting solutions at home and abroad DemDebate
It’s not who we are We are better than this DemDebatepic.twitter.com/Gyo93iKomX
Joe Biden is a statesman with decades of experience on the world stage who can repair our relationships around the world and is ready to command our armed forces on day one DemDebate
The next president will face a monumental task cleaning up Trump's mess Joe Biden is the best candidate on the debate stage to immediately get to work restoring America’s place in the world Because he’s done it before DemDebate
Joe Biden’s health care plan will offer a new choice for Americans keep your private insurance or choose a public option like Medicare DemDebatepic.twitter.com/Zy3E30WjYx
In a Biden Administration plans with lower deductibles will become more affordable coverage will be extended to more Americans and the roughly 5 million low-income Americans who were denied Medicaid by their governors and/or state legislatures will finally gain coverage.
Let’s lay out the facts More Americans prefer a public option over Medicare for All DemDebatepic.twitter.com/j7K3fRNu92
Joe Biden has the quickest most effective plan to achieve universal health care coverage at 1/30th the cost of Medicare for All And he doesn’t get rid of employer-based health care DemDebate
We are fired up and ready for Joe to take the stage at tonight’s DemDebate!pic.twitter.com/V0iGMuq3yu
Hey folks it’s TeamJoe here We’ll be taking over Joe’s account tonight to keep you updated on all things DemDebate Grab some ice cream and follow along!pic.twitter.com/uXTJmM0dJH
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s DemDebate so I’m passing the account over to my team They’ll keep you in the loop throughout the night on everything happening Follow along here and on TeamJoe for updates Tune in to MSNBC at 9 PM ET to watch live!
The fight ahead of us is about more than just having plans It’s about repairing our soul—and it will take someone with the proven ability to bring people together I've done it before—and at tonight's DemDebate I'm going to show you why I'm the best candidate to do it again.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about the values America stands for on the world stage Values that have been tarnished by Trump I’m the only one on tonight's stage ready to rebuild our global reputation and restore our moral leadership on day one.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about the responsibility we have to our children to take on the threat of climate change I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who helped secure the Paris Agreement and the largest-ever U.S investment in clean energy.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about a country where we can look our kids in the eye and tell them “You will be safe at school. I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who has taken on the NRA and won twice—and I can’t wait to do it again.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about a country where no one has to worry about whether they can afford health care I fought like hell to get Obamacare passed and I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who has led a transformation of our health care system.
This election is about the soul of our nation—and Donald Trump is poison to our soul He has no regard for our Constitution and violates everything we stand for It’s not hyperbole to say that this is about saving America We have to decide who we are and who we want to be.
I give you my word as a Biden I will never stoop to President Trump's level.pic.twitter.com/1CAhAjKEju
I am deeply disturbed by the news coming out of my law school alma mater Syracuse University We are truly in a battle for the soul of this nation and it requires all of us to stand up together as a country against racism and bigotry We must give hate no safe harbor. …
On this Transgender Day of Remembrance we honor the memory of those we’ve lost—at least 22 trans and gender non-conforming people killed this year—and recommit to ridding this hate-filled violence from our society Everyone deserves to live open and proud and free without fear.
Something is wrong in America when the average Latina makes just over half what the average non-Latino white man makes Donald Trump has undone much of what we did in the White House to fix the gender pay gap When I'm president I'll work to right that wrong LatinaEqualPayDay
This election is about the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul.
I know we can beat Donald Trump in 2020—but we can’t do it without your help We’re relying on grassroots donors like you to power this campaign and get our country back on track Chip in today to help us meet our November fundraising goal pic.twitter.com/eCGh2O7W6I
What he said.pic.twitter.com/L7upW0b6sl
We know in our bones this election is different If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House he will forever alter the character of our nation We cannot let that happen We must make Trump a one-term president.pic.twitter.com/EuEVkE424E
The energy at the NVDems First in the West event was incredible Folks are fired up to take back our country and make Donald Trump a one-term president If you’re fired up too join our campaign today and let’s get to work …
It has now been 264 days How many more senseless shootings must occur before Senate Republicans take action Enough is enough. …
There is a lot of talk out there on where I stand when it comes to our marijuana laws Here are the facts:pic.twitter.com/oaoExCXud8
I’ve witnessed the heroism of firefighters firsthand selflessly rushing into danger to help others They represent the best of our country DrBiden and I send our condolences to the loved ones of Worcester Fire Lt Jason Menard for their loss. …
Sunday night in a backyard Monday morning at a store We must do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic because we cannot go on like this any longer Our hearts go out to those affected by these senseless tragedies. …
I’m inspired by the strength and resilience of Chrissy and survivors across the country and proud of the change the Violence Against Women Act created but we still have further to go Today I released my plan to build on VAWA pic.twitter.com/xR6QIvyBHW
China’s internment of nearly one million Uighur Muslims is among the worst abuses of human rights in the world today The U.S cannot be silent we must speak out against this oppression and relentlessly defend human rights around the world. …
I’ve spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power That’s what motivated me to write champion the Violence Against Women Act The law helped change our culture—but there’s more work to do Today I’m releasing my plan to end violence against women:
Corporations need to pay their fair share in taxes I’ll reverse Trump’s giveaway to the super-wealthy and corporations because it’s time we reward work not just wealth. …
I know if we come together and stand united as a nation anything is possible.pic.twitter.com/jltWLWkLP2
At the CNN Town Hall I was asked what changes in American society I’m proudest of Here’s what I had to say:pic.twitter.com/X5OF6rwlJy
I’m running for president to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class And this time we have to bring everyone along regardless of race gender religion sexual orientation or disability.
The American people deserve to know what the most corrupt president in modern history is hiding in his tax returns. …
Trump's intervention in the American military justice system to pardon service members accused or convicted of war crimes betrays the rule of law the values that make our country exceptional the men and women who wear the uniform honorably He is not fit to command our troops.
The Foreign Service Officers who testified this week represent the best of America They deserve our support thanks for their work to advance American interests not the scorn harassment they get from the President Every day Donald Trump reminds us he's unfit to serve.
My favorite part of running for president is talking with people about their lives So my team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal all expenses on us If you want to grab dinner chip in today: …
America is more equal because of Chief Justice Mark Cady His landmark decision brought marriage equality to Iowa and pushed our nation closer to our highest ideals DrBiden and I send our condolences to his loved ones His integrity and commitment to justice will be missed. …
I am deeply concerned about the unjust detainment of Jose Daniel Ferrer a voice for change in Cuba by the Cuban government Ferrer must be released at once.
Two elections Zero criminal convictions.pic.twitter.com/fyy1DLOac9
Every loss is different but I've found that the way you can overcome enormous tragedy in your life is by finding purpose in your life.pic.twitter.com/AEAK19E8I4
President Trump continues to undermine registered apprenticeships—programs that provide a path to the middle class a good union job As president I will work to save these important programs ensure every American has the skills they need to get ahead SaveApprenticeshipWeek
We need more than thoughts and prayers We need action We have to protect our kids Now. …
I'm proud to support LREAintheRock and those fighting to ensure every child has access to the quality education they deserve. …
Couldn't have said it better myself.pic.twitter.com/VA5Aql9ZFY
I believe these impeachment hearings will conclude that Donald Trump is a threat to our national security Every day he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the U.S If you agree chip in to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president pic.twitter.com/pHsFeeAlt0
If we don’t get Donald Trump out of the White House and take urgent drastic action to address the climate emergency our planet may never recover. …
We have to heal the divisions in this country If we come together and act as one America there is nothing that we cannot do.pic.twitter.com/sN9ojRF1Sc
realDonaldTrump release your taxes or shut up about corruption. …
This ugly ideology has no place in America—it is both offensive and dangerous that it has taken root in the White House Stephen Miller must go now Then we must ensure Trump is shown the door in 2020—and that his hateful ideology never again is given a voice in the Oval Office.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation We’ve always known that Donald Trump’s cruel immigration policies are a violation of our core American values Now we know the architect of those policies has embraced and fanned the ugly flames of white nationalism. …
We will beat the NRA We will pass common-sense reforms We must end our gun violence epidemic.
Can you chip in five dollars to ensure our volunteers have the materials they need to talk with voters Donate here pic.twitter.com/tyhma32QCL
I love you too California!pic.twitter.com/9c3nc2pvM2
If you like your private health insurance plan you shouldn’t be forced to give it up If you don't like it you should be able to buy into a Medicare-like public option That's the choice I will give Americans as president.pic.twitter.com/sHkmn3mDxP
Another school shooting How long will we go on like this No kid should fear their safety in school no parent should worry whether their kid will come home Our hearts go out to Santa Clarita but prayers aren't enough We need real gun reform to make our schools safer.
President Trump campaigned on repairing our nation’s crumbling infrastructure But after countless “Infrastructure Weeks, he has failed to deliver results It has to change Today I'm calling for a transformational investment in our nation's future:
The Affordable Care Act An assault weapons ban The Violence Against Women Act There is no one in this race who has a stronger record of passing important consequential legislation than I do I know what it takes to get the job done.
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
We cannot turn a blind eye to the atrocities President Trump continues to carry out at the border This is not who we are. …
I will always choose hope over fear.pic.twitter.com/InWLyqOPpL
You shouldn't be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for Under my plan you will be able to keep them.pic.twitter.com/lJZ9fvPWeV
This decision puts the health of the American people at risk it’s unacceptable We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and choose science over fiction once again. …
First Trump gave a green light to Erdogan to ethnically cleanse Kurds who helped us defeat ISIS Now he welcomes Erdogan with open arms and sweetheart deals It’s hard to avoid the conclusion that once again Trump’s personal interests not US interests are driving his policy.
We have to lead the world by our example and make clear that human rights civil rights and civil liberties matter to us.pic.twitter.com/Ma26IxrInO
Every American deserves access to affordable quality health care and Obamacare’s open enrollment is happening now If you are uninsured want to change your plan or know someone who needs health care visit to GetCovered.pic.twitter.com/3fEF3GKn5d
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America’s foreign policy and salvaging our reputation I'm the only candidate in this race ready for that job on day one and 133 top foreign policy officials agree. …
Change starts at the local level I learned that firsthand as a 28-year-old on the New Castle County Council On NationalRunforOfficeDay I'm asking you to join me and run for something There is too much at stake in 2020 to sit on the sidelines.
President Trump's erratic impulsive decisions threaten our national security and set our world on edge Every day that he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States.pic.twitter.com/QcUR5hVCdJ
Every worker should have the chance to join a union which bargains to ensure they get paid a living wage and have protections against sexual harassment That's why I'm proud to stand with McDonalds workers who are striking in Detroit and across the country today.pic.twitter.com/r0y6uDM2na
Israel has a right to defend itself against terrorist threats It is intolerable that Israeli civilians live their lives under the constant fear of rocket attacks That's why our administration was such a strong supporter of Israel's life-saving Iron Dome. …
DREAMers should be treated like the Americans that they are It's past time for Congress to provide a pathway to citizenship and a fair shot at the American dream HomeIsHerepic.twitter.com/9CcEn8BUsm
The Sandy Hook families who paid such a bitter price deserve their day in court and all American families deserve laws that protect them and that put their children not big gun corporations first. …
Jill and I want to extend our best wishes to our friends in the Sikh community who are observing the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak Dev Ji the founder of Sikhism.pic.twitter.com/ojTCj2SR1j
DREAMers know more about what it means to be an American than you ever will. …
As president I will ensure DREAMers are recognized as the Americans they are In the meantime the Supreme Court should overturn Donald Trump’s cruel decision so that DREAMers can continue to live fully in the only country they have ever known Their HomeIsHere.
I just finished tonight’s CNN Town Hall where I laid out my vision for our future and how I’ll deliver real progress for working families I know we can defeat Donald Trump and take back this country but we can’t do it without your help Chip in today pic.twitter.com/uw1YulnN2N
Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation He should be impeached.pic.twitter.com/4YWvi0HLxh
At tonight's CNN Town Hall in Iowa I laid out my bold vision for the country and why I'm the best candidate in this race to beat Donald Trump and unite our nation If you liked what you heard join our team and let's get to work:
Looking forward to joining ErinBurnett for tonight’s town hall in Iowa to discuss what’s at stake in this election and why I’m running for president Tune in to CNN at 9 PM ET to watch live.
Our veterans and their families represent the absolute best that our country has to offer I had the honor of spending Veterans Day in Iowa with a few of them.pic.twitter.com/ziNM4qRHL2
The campaign trail is always more fun when you join DrBiden What a great weekend in New Hampshire!pic.twitter.com/5zX5CZjM3N
President Trump has repeatedly failed our veterans and our sacred obligation as a nation to properly prepare and equip our troops when we send them into harm’s way and care for them and their families As president I will meet our sacred obligation.
We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay and it’s our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return home Thank you to all who have served on Veterans Day and every day.pic.twitter.com/SQBUj8nwmw
I understand the sleepless nights wondering if your deployed child is safe and all the added sacrifices military families face because their loved one chose selfless service As president I'll take care of our troops and their families. …
Less than 1 of our population risks everything to protect our country the other 99 of us owe them more than we could ever repay VeteransDaypic.twitter.com/ChF786cRlO
Today I’m releasing my plan to ensure our veterans receive what they deserve our respect and enduring gratitude and the benefits they have earned Read my full plan:
The most sacred obligation of our government is to do right by the men and women who defend our nation at war Veterans Day offers us a moment to reflect on that obligation and to recommit ourselves to all that it truly means. …
Together we can and will make Donald Trump a one-term president.
We don’t say it enough Barack Obama was a great president And I’m proud to have worked alongside him.pic.twitter.com/5pIZxkNxyj
HBCUs and MSIs play a vital role in our communities As president I’ll invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability build high tech labs and facilities and support student success Read my full plan:
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation rebuild its backbone the middle class and unify all Americans If you’re with me join us:
The ACA was and is a big deal It took generations of presidents trying to expand health care access and President Obama and I got it done I’ll fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it down—Republican or Democrat.
There is no denying the devastating effects climate change has on our planet we need to take action As president I’ll lead the world in addressing the climate emergency Read my plan at . …
Thirty years ago today the people of Berlin tore down a wall and vanquished a dictatorship We must not forget the lessons of 1989 The United States must reclaim its mantle as the champion of democracy The stakes are simply too high.
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect That’s why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose what’s best for them.pic.twitter.com/jtOPJDnE30
My plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs without raising taxes on the middle class Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same Read my full plan:
A fresh Fall day in New Hampshire spent serving chili to our nation’s finest firefighters.pic.twitter.com/9BRPyeDkLk
Health care is a right Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from access to affordable health care and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare.
We have to start rewarding work not wealth As president I will build a stronger more inclusive middle class not cut taxes for the super wealthy.
Kids shouldn’t have to worry about their safety while they’re at school Together we’ll put an end to our gun violence epidemic.pic.twitter.com/LvfaqNbpz7
This anniversary is not only a reminder of the cruelty these communities especially Latinos have tirelessly faced but it is also a testament to their steadfast resilience in the face of prejudice to spark change in California and across our country.
25 years ago California approved Prop 187 a measure designed to strategically disenfranchise immigrant communities by stripping away access to health care and education.
President Trump’s trade war is reckless and hurting our farmers every day. …
It’s official we’re on the ballot in New Hampshire Join us
Every kid deserves a quality education and every family deserves to live in a safe healthy community That's why I support the California SchoolsAndCommunitiesFirst initiative that will make corporations pay their fair share and invest in our communities to help them thrive.
I’m more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old If we unite this country America’s best days still lie ahead If you agree chip in today:
I led the successful fight in the 1980s to stop Jeff Sessions nomination for a federal judgeship I hope the people of Alabama will stop him from rejoining the Senate next year.
As California continues to burn President Trump wants to withhold critical aid and abandon our firefighters when they need our support the most It's reckless and cruel We must act now on climate change and support our firefighters and those affected by this disaster.pic.twitter.com/EahL0fozXo
The courage and determination of folks like fred_guttenberg have turned the fight for gun safety reform from a cause to a movement Together we will beat the NRA and end our gun violence epidemic.pic.twitter.com/IeJ4yOQ16q
Donald Trump wants to talk about corruption That’s rich coming from the most corrupt president in modern history Tell Trump to release his taxes or shut up about corruption pic.twitter.com/ozhDumIxsv
Getting the Violence Against Women Act passed is one of the highlights of my whole career Now Senate Republicans are refusing to reauthorize it To all the advocates and survivors speaking out your voice makes all the difference It always has So keep it up VAWA4ALL
We’ve come too far with the Affordable Care Act to tear it down and start over Building on Obamacare with a new public option is the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage. …
Proud to stand with the GeneralMills RWDSU members in their fight for a fair contract Every worker deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages good benefits and job security.
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office he proves how unfit he is to lead our country We cannot give him eight years in the White House.
Last night's results showed that Democrats can take back our country starting with Virginia and begin the hard work of growing a stronger more inclusive middle class and restoring the soul of our nation Chip in to help us take back the White House: …
I'm running for president to unite this country There's nothing we cannot do if we do it together.pic.twitter.com/RnwM8UEVUq
If you have DACA status and it expires within the year it’s critical that you renew as soon as possible to protect your status until we find a permanent solution DREAMers are Americans and it’s time we make it official HomeIsHerepic.twitter.com/EIxZz19kfv
Hottest summer on record 2019 Hottest September on record 2019 Hottest October on record 2019 There is no time to waste We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and address the climate emergency The survival of our planet depends on it. …
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country work I see you and I will never stop fighting for you You are the backbone of America.pic.twitter.com/GdCmhoKtT8
Congratulations to Governor-Elect AndyBeshearKY on his hard-earned victory He has served the people of Kentucky well as attorney general the Commonwealth is in good hands with him in the governor's office.
Tonight by voting in Democratic majorities in both chambers of the General Assembly Virginians sent a clear powerful message that will resonate across this nation and shake the walls of the White House.pic.twitter.com/78UbWLWX4h
The growing mountain of evidence makes one thing clear We must impeach Donald Trump. …
I have fought for the Democratic Party my whole career That’s not something everyone in this primary can say. …
Obamacare protects over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions including Joe and Michelle’s son Matt We cannot afford to tear it down and start over We should protect and build on it.pic.twitter.com/yX6jDCg8fG
Ten years ago today at Fort Hood Two years ago in Sutherland Springs In total 39 lives taken because of our gun violence epidemic We must honor the memory of those we lost with concrete action on gun safety reform.
Trump's Cuba policy hurts families on off the island Administrations of both parties have supported family reunification and I support DebbieforFL DonnaShalala's work to reunite Cuban families As president I will reinstate the Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program.
Proud to stand with folks in Las Vegas fighting against a proposed ordinance that effectively criminalizes homelessness Like we did in the Obama-Biden Administration we should focus on providing housing first and work to find long-term solutions to end homelessness.
The U.S is the strongest nation in the world not just because of the example of our power but also because of the power of our example That’s what has always set us apart on the world stage and that’s something Donald Trump will never understand. …
Faith hope and dignity sound good to me.pic.twitter.com/iVd6fc3qTy
Today is Election Day in Kentucky Mississippi New Jersey Virginia and cities across the nation Your vote matters find your polling place bring a friend and head to the polls to make your voice heard:
11 years ago tonight.pic.twitter.com/WZOSk0QOGB
250 days Senatemajldr McConnell do your job and bring the universal background check bill up for a vote. …
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns why hasn’t President Trump He should release his taxes or shut up about corruption. …
As the climate crisis worsens each day and California burns and Iowa floods Trump continues to abandon science and our international leadership He just notified the United Nations of our official withdrawal from the Paris Agreement It's shameful. …
President Trump has turned his back on those he promised to help He thinks he’s being tough with his trade war but he’s really being reckless And American workers are paying the price I will ensure our policies put American workers first. …
A country that ignores the threat to the very survival of this planet isn’t just troubled it’s morally bankrupt We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and take urgent action to address the climate emergency.
Is anyone surprised that all it takes is a $100 saw to breach Trump’s wall This whole exercise was a stunt and a sham from the beginning The only thing the wall has succeeded in doing is tarnishing the image of our nation in the eyes of the world. …
This is a dangerous decision by the Trump Administration We should be strengthening our clean water protections and holding polluters accountable for their actions not loosening restrictions on toxic waste. …
This Tuesday we have the opportunity to set an example for the nation and turn the Virginia state legislature blue But only if everyone turns out to vote pic.twitter.com/TVtZJQR9hI
100 days until the New Hampshire primary One year until Election Day 2020 There’s no time to waste chip in $5 now to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president pic.twitter.com/QSSsgFZ8iJ
In a Biden administration we will lower health care costs and achieve universal coverage and we will do it without raising taxes on the middle class.
President Trump's decision to close America's doors to refugees fleeing persecution is cruel and shortsighted As president I will restore America's historic commitment to welcoming those whose lives are threatened by conflict and crisis …
With just 100 days until the New Hampshire primary we need your help to grow our grassroots team and talk with voters in every corner of the Granite State Join us pic.twitter.com/8W26ixL39p
In one year we will give Trump a nickname of his own Former President Donald Trump.
We have one year to determine the mark Donald Trump will leave on our country There's too much at stake to take the next year for granted We must work together to take back the White House win the Senate hold the House and elect Democrats down the ballot OneYearOneTeam
Progress is bringing people together to get real results It’s not accusing someone of being a Republican because they don’t share your approach to achieving universal health care I know what it takes to get things done I fought to pass Obamacare I will fight to build on it.
The greed of drug companies fueled the opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country It’s time we hold pharmaceutical companies accountable. …
Our military deserves a commander-in-chief who ensures they have what they need when we send them into harm's way Donald Trump betrays this sacred obligation By abandoning partners who risk everything to stand at our side Trump makes every future mission harder for our troops. …
No American should be denied shelter medical care or critical services because of who they are or who they love As president I will reverse these cruel and discriminatory acts from realDonaldTrump and mike_pence and I'll start by signing the Equality Act into law. …
The majority of middle class Americans don't think their kids will have the same standard of living they have that's never happened before Under my administration every American will have a fighting shot.pic.twitter.com/6QituGhlka
Once Donald Trump is out of the way there is nothing we can’t do.pic.twitter.com/LBk2gxdaTr
It all starts in Iowa on February 3rd Together we're going to take this nation back from Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/9G1dQfBEzi
First thing I will do as president is rejoin the Paris Climate Accord and rally the world to push our progress further and faster LJ19pic.twitter.com/oo1jgDBk0M
We can ensure every American has access to the quality affordable health care they need and we can do it without taxing the middle class LJ19pic.twitter.com/c5svZ6pUvz
We must get Donald Trump out of office Once we do the road is clear for significant change LJ19pic.twitter.com/OdaH2JXoik
The TeamJoe energy at tonight’s LJ19 Celebration was incredible With just 94 days until the Iowa Caucus we need your help to build the strongest campaign possible Chip in $5 today: …
I’m about to take the stage at LJ19 to discuss my bold vision for our nation and how we’ll beat Donald Trump Tune in now:
Fired up for LJ19.pic.twitter.com/B4PhWJUlgO
Together we will win Iowa win this nomination and beat Donald Trump LJ19 Join us pic.twitter.com/qOJDxtVjjs
In the wake of tragedy in his hometown BetoORourke responded with compassion and leadership looking into the eyes of people who just lost loved ones and pledging his total resolve His passion for solving our gun crisis has been inspiring to anyone who has seen him.
I’m about to join TeamJoe at our LJ19 Celebration Pre-Party in Des Moines Iowa Tune in to watch live: …
The values of patriotism friendship and faith that Scranton instilled in me have defined my entire life and they’re the values I’ll bring to the White House.pic.twitter.com/Gf7kJ5E4Zs
To every military family in our country thank you thank you thank you.pic.twitter.com/aFycPRFNoB
The next president will inherit a world in disarray There’s no time for on-the-job training I’ll be ready on day one.
We must stop penalizing and criminalizing poverty. …
When it comes to health care many Americans can't afford to wait for far off promises Obamacare's open enrollment begins today Head to to find an affordable quality plan that works best for you GetCovered
Together we will beat Donald Trump like a drum LJ19 Join us pic.twitter.com/0LYg1TsGiN
I’ll see you tomorrow. …
Tonight in Iowa a teacher asked me what my top priorities would be as president Here's what I told him:pic.twitter.com/LP7556f4sE
One of my great honors as Vice President was speaking at the Air Force Academy commencement We need a President who respects our troops.pic.twitter.com/KjtuyqWSUa
I did It made clear that you pressured a foreign government to interfere in our political process on your behalf You violated your oath of office and betrayed our nation You should be impeached. …
I know it’s Halloween but Donald Trump has really been scaring me lately Chip in $5 if he’s scaring you too: …
The American people can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump’s art of no deals.
Happy Halloween from the entire Biden family We hope your night is filled with few tricks and plenty of treats.pic.twitter.com/BVlT681L53
President Trump is undermining our health care and trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every turn As a result 400,000 additional children are uninsured It’s cruel I will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to the care they need. …
DrBiden and I are grateful for the brave first responders working around the clock to contain the California fires Our thoughts are with the Californians affected by the fires our prayers will be for your safety. …
Sorry America the correct answer is Snickers. …
Congress must do its duty to ensure that Donald Trump's assault on the Constitution does not seep beyond his presidency with a lasting and devastating impact on our democracy.pic.twitter.com/6zBWnwEpxI
The super-wealthy don’t need another tax cut Period My administration will repeal the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and reward work not just wealth.pic.twitter.com/jeNEA1TUjW
Donald Trump's erratic foreign policy has abandoned our allies abdicated our leadership and tarnished our reputation It has to stop In a Biden administration America will once again lead by example and rally the world to meet our common challenges. …
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump in the White House. …
I’m not afraid to say the word union America’s unions built the middle class and in a Biden administration we’ll work alongside them to rebuild it.pic.twitter.com/VZnCFtAEEB
We are at a crucial moment We can survive four years of Donald Trump but if we give him eight years in the White House he will forever alter the character of our nation We cannot let that happen Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president: …
Lt Col Alexander S Vindman’s testimony made clear what we already knew Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to interfere in our elections on his behalf and the White House tried to cover it up We cannot let Trump get away with this abuse of power He must be impeached. …
President Trump’s reckless trade war is hurting farmers like Kevin—enough is enough Our farmers can't afford four more years of a leader who delivers nothing but empty promises As president I’ll stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers.pic.twitter.com/4BvAhlRVoy
Proud to stand in solidarity with TWULocal100 and Transportworker in their fight for a fair contract The 40,000 bus and subway workers who move New York deserve the dignity that comes with fair wages good benefits and job security TWUrally2019
I’ve seen firsthand how hard educators work with little pay and few resources We must do better A Biden administration will ensure our educators finally receive the pay and dignity they deserve. …
With Trump it’s always all about him It's all about beating his chest about what he's done the stable genius that he is We need a real leader. …
After almost three years on the job Donald Trump is still unprepared to lead the world and unfit to lead our country To clean up his mess we need a leader who doesn't require on the job training I'm prepared to get to work on day one.pic.twitter.com/k8D0gRVzP1
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States His erratic impulsive decisions threaten our standing in the world and make us all less safe. …
Some Americans celebrate NationalCatDay some celebrate NationalDogDay President Trump celebrates neither It says a lot It’s time we put a pet back in the White House.pic.twitter.com/6za6FUocfh
For too long corporations have stifled workers right to organize and collectively bargain for the pay and benefits they deserve That ends with a Biden administration We will hold corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with the rights of workers.
Seven years ago Hurricane Sandy devastated the East Coast As we remember those we lost we must renew our commitment to addressing climate change Extreme storms will only become more frequent and powerful if we don’t take urgent action to tackle this crisis.pic.twitter.com/9TK6aBdoyx
I welcome the House’s passage of H Res 296 which recognizes and condemns the Armenian Genocide of 1915-23 By acknowledging this genocide we honor the memory of its victims and vow never again.
Filipino-American History Month is an important opportunity to honor the rich history of the Filipino-American community including the legacy of brave Filipino veterans who fought in World War II and all the ways they strengthen our nation.
Congratulations to the teachers of Dedham Massachusetts on a successful strike and for securing a fair contract It's past time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. …
Paying off your kids student loan debt can feel overwhelming We need a president who understands that.pic.twitter.com/VnCrEGh5mx
1 of Americans put their lives on the line to defend the other 99 of us we owe so much to our military men and women and their families We must do better by those who sacrifice everything in service to our nation.pic.twitter.com/4JPY5wzs14
In a Biden administration our Secretary of Education will be an educator EPA Administrator will know climate change is real Attorney General will defend the Constitution not the president
Ten years ago President Obama and I championed and signed into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr Hate Crimes Prevention Act As president I'll enforce our nation’s hate crime laws reverse Trump’s cruel and discriminatory acts and sign the Equality Act into law. …
With less than 100 days until the Iowa Caucus we need your help to build the strongest grassroots operation possible to win the nomination and make Donald Trump a one-term president Chip in what you can today: …
This is not who we are And as a nation we will prove that next November Families belong together. …
If President Trump had ever visited our troops serving in Afghanistan he would know this isn't true. …
Donald Trump has no strategy for securing our nation against terrorist threats He has no strategy for anything Every day that he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States.
Kay Hagan was a courageous soul who lived every day of her too-short life with incredible dignity and character even as the days became more difficult physically Jill and I are deeply saddened by this news and extend our condolences to her entire family.pic.twitter.com/XBqATmVRec
The Russians don't want me to be president and Trump doesn't want me to be the nominee But they picked a fight with the wrong guy I’m not going anywhere We will make Donald Trump a one-term president. …
No American President should welcome foreign interference in our elections.pic.twitter.com/fKzqhS9EC7
We cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/KInHL475Gt
This is the United States of America if we pick our heads up and remember who we are there’s not a single thing we can’t do.pic.twitter.com/x6H0KDWpVK
Tonight on 60minutes I’ll lay out what I believe we need to do to ensure that America’s word means something again on the world stage Tune in at 7pm ET.
I couldn’t agree more Springsteen. …
To all those taking part in the Festival of Lights Jill and I send warm wishes for a joyous celebration Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak.pic.twitter.com/Lyrb65QmOZ
Today we remember the lives taken one year ago at the Tree of Life Synagogue We must constantly strive to live up to the American ideal that we're all created equal while facing the harsh reality that hate has long torn us apart The battle isn't over We must end this hate.
I congratulate our special forces our intelligence community and all our brave military professionals on delivering justice to the terrorist Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi The world is better and safer without him in it.pic.twitter.com/miLSVWBT9l
Donald Trump and his administration have no idea what hard-working decent ordinary Americans are going through They don’t understand the middle class I do. …
Institutional racism should no longer exist As president I'll put forward change to help put an end to it.pic.twitter.com/DQtPzGIfNq
Even the dog knows that we can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump.pic.twitter.com/AEZhBIoq0Y
If you work hard you should be able to share in the prosperity That basic bargain is broken it's time we restore it for all American workers My plan will ensure all workers can bargain for the pay benefits and workplace protections they deserve.
We only have 100 days left until the Iowa Caucus Chip in what you can to help us restore the soul of our nation pic.twitter.com/wP4D0H4EQC
Donald Trump promised he would work for the forgotten American instead he’s forgotten about them From day one my administration will be focused on building an inclusive middle class to ensure everyone has a fair shot at a better future. …
We only have 100 days left until the Iowa Caucus and we need your help to organize and grow our team Add your name to say you're ready to join the fight
I am proud to stand with the Asian American and Pacific Islander community and the contributions they have made to America's rich diversity Today we're launching AAPIs for Biden a coalition working to help me unite our nation To join visit pic.twitter.com/5Ce5MU5FQ2
There’s a war being waged on organized labor and it’s only getting worse with President Trump in the White House As president I'll strengthen organizing and collective bargaining rights to strengthen unions If you’re with me join my campaign:
Wall Street did not build the middle class unions did As president I’ll ensure that workers are treated with dignity and respect All workers must receive the pay benefits and workplace protections they deserve Read my plan
SpeakerPelosi tiene razón Trump y los Republicanos deberían dejar de jugar a la política y apoyar TPS para los Venezolanos ya. …
The Speaker is right Trump and Senate Republicans should stop playing politics and support TPS protection for vulnerable Venezuelans now. …
Called into the CTUlocal1 picket line to thank them for all they do for our students It’s time we give our educators and school staff the pay and dignity they deserve. …
Employers are interfering with workers efforts to organize and negotiate for a fair contract it's wrong My plan holds corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with organizing efforts violating other labor laws Learn more:
We are not prepared for a pandemic Trump has rolled back progress President Obama and I made to strengthen global health security We need leadership that builds public trust focuses on real threats and mobilizes the world to stop outbreaks before they reach our shores. …
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck—it’s about dignity it’s about respect it’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be ok Too many people today can’t say that We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and restore the dignity of work.pic.twitter.com/we89bXzESZ
Today I’m releasing my plan to strengthen worker organizing collective bargaining and unions To grow a stronger more inclusive middle class I'll make it easier for workers to unionize It's time we start rewarding work not wealth Read my plan
Congressman Elijah Cummings was a lion of democracy and a powerful ally in the fight for the soul of our nation I am honored to have served alongside him and known him as a friend May his passion and purpose live on as he rests in heavenly peace.
President Trump’s abdication of American leadership on climate change is dangerous If we give him four more years our planet may never recover On day one I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. …
Donald Trump lacks the moral authority to lead our country Every day he spends in the White House he further debases the values and ideals of our nation We must make him a one-term president.
If I'm elected president my children will not sit in on Cabinet meetings or have offices in the White House.pic.twitter.com/ouGpUpjyYJ
The powerful gun lobby has controlled our politics for far too long Enough is enough We the people own this country not the NRA.
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration And just like everything else he’s inherited in his life he’s in the process of squandering it. …
The United States of America can be defined by one word Possibilities.pic.twitter.com/C9IKvhlHNk
I'm running for president to rebuild the backbone of our country—the middle class And this time we'll bring everyone along so every American family can live a life of dignity If you’re with me join the campaign by pitching in what you can today: …
At a time when labor is under attack and Trump's reckless trade wars threaten millions more farms and families around the country TimRyan has been a clear voice for those at risk of being left behind He'll continue to be a fierce force for them in Congress.
I strongly support the Senate's approval of North Macedonia's NATO membership The countries of the Western Balkans deserve to be part of a Europe whole free and at peace and we should be supporting Euro-Atlantic integration across the region. …
As president I would press for dialogue to prevent further violence and instability Investing in Haiti’s prosperity and security is in the national security interest of the United States.
The Trump Administration is abandoning the Haitian people while the country’s political crisis is paralyzing that nation. …
I'm proud to stand with seiuhcpa and Regional Hospital of Scranton workers in their fight for higher wages access to affordable health insurance and a fair contract that invests in the future of their hospital.
Hoy estamos lanzando Todos con Biden Los latinos han contribuido mucho a nuestro país—son parte del tejido de Estados Unidos y se merecen un presidente que les respete y que luchar junto a ellos Acompáñenme a continuar y mejorar los logros realizados pic.twitter.com/q04NjmAfmb
Today we're launching Todos con Biden Latinos have contributed so much to our country—you're part of the fabric of America you deserve a president who respects you will fight alongside you Join me as we continue to build on the progress we've made pic.twitter.com/GChKfKsu12
Donald Trump has no idea what it means to be a part of the middle class I do.pic.twitter.com/ewJ1ZKymG6
Let’s be clear this ban is dangerous and directly violates a woman's constitutional right to choose We must stop it As president I will codify Roe into federal law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. …
Rooted in Scranton fortified in the halls of Congress and proven in the White House my values have never changed and they never will I won’t stop fighting for the hardworking Americans who make our country run every single day.pic.twitter.com/wNRzK1iso1
Let's get something straight unions built the middle class.pic.twitter.com/Zfp1rJP8NY
We all want the same thing a life of dignity and a fair shot at a better future Donald Trump isn't capable of understanding that.pic.twitter.com/XwojGzfmY2
WATCH LIVE Joe Biden Speaks in Scranton …
This morning I’ll be in my hometown of Scranton Pennsylvania to discuss my plans to build a middle class where everyone comes along Tune in at 10:00 AM ET to watch live:
Once again Putin and the Russians are interfering in the elections and trying to pick our president - this time they're coming after me Chip in $5 to send the message to Putin that the American people decide elections not him pic.twitter.com/o1GTKnizUY
This wasn’t the right word to use and I’m sorry about that Trump on the other hand chose his words deliberately today in his use of the word lynching and continues to stoke racial divides in this country daily. …
The moral obligation of our time is to restore rebuild and respect the backbone of America—the middle class That mission will be my North Star as president.
Our gun and domestic violence epidemics are linked and we must take action to end them both Leader McConnell should allow a vote on the House-passed VAWA reauthorization to close loopholes and keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous individuals. …
Campbell is an incredible young man and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey To anyone working to overcome a stutter my message is clear never give up and never let it define you ISADpic.twitter.com/e7JRgVRV3a
There used to be a basic bargain in America—when your company did well you shared in the prosperity We must restore that bargain stand up to corporate profiteering I support Teamsters25 as they strike against RepublicService for a living wage health care and pensions.
Impeachment is not "lynching, it is part of our Constitution Our country has a dark shameful history with lynching and to even think about making this comparison is abhorrent It's despicable. …
Las armas de asalto y los cartuchos de alta capacidad no tienen lugar en nuestras comunidades Yo me enfrente al NRA una vez antes para prohibirlos y lo volver a hacer en la Casa Blanca. …
We are truly in a battle for the soul of our nation and it’s up to all of us to stand up and reject intolerance in all its forms We must give hate no safe harbor. …
The Russian Facebook trolls are back and this time they're going after my campaign We cannot let 2016 repeat itself Chip in $5 to our rapid response fund to help us fight back against their lies and foreign interference in our elections …
Donald Trump talks tough on trade but has nothing to show for it—other than pain for America's families Mike Pence has been his complicit sidekick propping up Trump’s reckless trade wars and slighting hard-working Americans across the country. …
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines have no place in our communities I’ve taken on the NRA to ban them once before and I’ll do it again in the White House …
After the most corrupt administration in modern history the next president faces a big task restoring faith in American government A Biden administration will ensure our government works for all Americans not just the powerful. …
In the United States health care should be a right for all not a privilege for the few As president I will give Americans a new choice a Medicare-like public option to ensure everyone has access to the quality affordable care they need.
Donald Trump has asked three foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf In full view of the American people he has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation He must be impeached.
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough We’re going to make sure the next Secretary of Education is a teacher.pic.twitter.com/6Bn4k3ATDl
I’m not going to be distracted by all of President Trump's lies smears distortions and name-calling I’m going to stay focused on the issues that matter to you—because action cannot wait when it comes to health care or jobs or education or guns or climate.
Thoughts and prayers won’t end our gun violence epidemic It’s past time we take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform that starts with banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and requiring universal background checks.
Hosting the G7 at Trump’s hotel A president should never be able to use the office for personal gain.
Let’s be clear the effects of climate change are devastating We need to take action As president I’ll not only address this grave threat I’ll lead the rest of the world in addressing the climate emergency Read my plan at . …
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and this time make sure everyone comes along.
These moments getting to speak with all of you...that's what keeps me going We need a leader who cares That's why I'm running for President.pic.twitter.com/Y5jRFMp2hX
President Trump has relentlessly fought to sabotage and repeal Obamacare I will not stand for it I will protect and build on Obamacare as president ensuring every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care. …
This is what being bought and paid for by the NRA looks like It’s cowardly. …
President Trump withheld Congressionally appropriated aid to Ukraine unless they granted him a political favor It's the definition of quid pro quo This is no joke—Trump continues to put his own personal political interests ahead of the national interest He must be impeached. …
We’ve got to choose truth over lies and that starts with getting Donald Trump out of the White House. …
15 years ago I worked to help pass the North Korea Human Rights Act We made our values clear to the brutal regime in Pyongyang Trump has instead made excuses for the dictator in the North and refuses to appoint a special envoy for human rights in NK It is disgraceful.
realDonaldTrump we have a message for you release your tax returns or shut up about corruption Get yours today:
It is not just that Donald Trump is a liar It is not just that he is corrupt It is that every day he finds new ways to lie in an attempt to cover up his own corruption.pic.twitter.com/FVh70mc8kh
Trump est restableciendo fondos "específicos a Centroamérica Yo apoyo la restauración de financiación total para abordar las causas de la crisis migratoria incluyendo ayuda para el desarrollo el cual reduce violencia/migración Políticas coercitivas en s no son suficientes. …
Congratulations for making history Astro_Christina and Astro_Jessica Because of you every girl knows that even the stars are not beyond her reach AllWomanSpaceWalk
From day one a Biden administration will be focused on rebuilding the backbone of our country the middle class And this time we’ll make sure everyone comes along regardless of race gender religion sexual orientation or disability.
Venezuela’s election to the UN Human Rights Council is a travesty Nicolás Maduro is a dictator plain and simple His regime’s human rights violations and extrajudicial killings have been documented by the UNHRC. …
Trump is only reinstating “targeted funds to Central America I support full restoration of bipartisan funding to address root causes of the migration crisis—including the development aid proven to reduce violence and migration Law enforcement alone is not enough. …
Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections Overturn Citizens United and end dark money groups Ban lobbyists from donating to candidates they lobby It's time we ensure our government works for the people not just the powerful.
When leaders like Admiral McRaven speak we should listen Donald Trump is a threat to our national security his erratic impulsive decisions make us all less safe We cannot give him eight years in the White House. …
Donald Trump is the most reckless and incompetent Commander-in-Chief we’ve ever had.
Every young person deserves to be affirmed and accepted exactly as they are regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity Today on SpiritDay and every day we must ensure LGBTQ youth hear that message loud and clear.
Proud to stand with CTULocal1 SEIU73 and every teacher and support staff member striking today for better staffing and quality schools for our students It's time we support all workers with the pay and dignity they deserve FairContractNow
Today we’re officially launching our fall line Head to to stock up on new t-shirts stickers sweatshirts and more.pic.twitter.com/OT8NGnGuoj
Hosting a major foreign leader summit at a Trump hotel Donald Trump continues to abuse his power to line his own pockets Time to put up (your tax returns or shut up Mr President. …
From banning assault weapons to passing Obamacare I know what it takes to pass important consequential legislation I'm the only person in this race with the proven ability to get the job done.pic.twitter.com/afK3fdTQxp
Elijah Cummings was a true public servant his life defined by the love of his community and a fierce commitment to ensuring truth wins over power The whole Biden family sends our condolences to his wife Maya his children and the entire city of Baltimore.pic.twitter.com/jYbvQwZI1a
The Kurds were integral in helping us defeat ISIS and too many lost their lives Now President Trump has abandoned them It's shameful.
Diplomacy isn’t just a series of handshakes and photo ops But Donald Trump doesn't understand that and he never will.pic.twitter.com/ku67EeNg7v
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America’s foreign policy salvaging our reputation and rebuilding respect for the United States around the world We need a leader who will be ready on day one.pic.twitter.com/dUqxxmzuoe
President Trump what a delusional man.pic.twitter.com/kJAn9SewcW
I’m about to take the stage in Iowa to discuss Donald Trump’s reckless actions in Syria Tune in now to watch live:
This afternoon I'll be discussing Donald Trump's recent actions in Syria and how his erratic impulsive decisions endanger our troops and make us all less safe Tune in at 5PM ET to watch live: …
Unlike President Trump I know what it takes to negotiate with Erdoğan And if I were president I would make him pay a heavy price for what he has done.pic.twitter.com/vv4P1q7B5S
The events of this past week in Syria have made clear just how dangerous Donald Trump is to our national security to our leadership around the world and to the lives of our brave men and women serving in uniform.pic.twitter.com/jnV8LxZ5vT
realDonaldTrump you want to talk about corruption I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns release yours or shut up.pic.twitter.com/5JFDINCSeQ
I won't need any on-the-job training I'll be ready on day one DemDebatepic.twitter.com/LxNzmyI6yW
I’m relying on your support to power my campaign Together I know we can defeat Donald Trump and protect our democracy Just $5 can make a difference Chip in today pic.twitter.com/1HciZmllWD
It's time we pick our heads up and remember who we are This is the United States of America there is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together.pic.twitter.com/Ft8Hswz212
I just stepped off the DemDebate stage where I laid out my bold vision for the country and how I’ll deliver real progress for working families If you liked what you heard tonight help us keep our momentum going by pitching in: …
We have an erratic crazy president who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy and operates out of fear for his own re-election DemDebatepic.twitter.com/t7vkrWX0CC
That’s all we have for tonight’s DemDebate Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on our campaign.pic.twitter.com/tidV9ZfqT2
Joe Biden is the only candidate on the DemDebate stage who has actually beaten the NRA and he did it twice As president he will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again DemDebatepic.twitter.com/5i5GcRJDr7
Let’s put this in perspective if you eliminate every single solitary soldier tank satellite nuclear weapon eliminate the Pentagon and it would only pay for 4 months of Medicare for All 4 months Where do the other 8 months come from Your paycheck DemDebate
Roe v Wade is the law of the land Period As president Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a woman’s constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law DemDebate
Medicare for All will cost at least $30 trillion over 10 years and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families Joe Biden has a better plan he will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality affordable health care.pic.twitter.com/Yg5auxKojQ
Joe Biden has a bold plan to end our gun violence epidemic But it’s going to take more than plans—it’s going to take leadership and a proven ability to get things done He's banned assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before he'll do it again pic.twitter.com/cHd98KZqLx
“We have an erratic crazy President who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy. DemDebate
Three that's how many times President Trump asked foreign governments to interfere in our political process Why Because he's scared He knows Joe Biden will beat him like a drum DemDebatepic.twitter.com/ddRoalUIdt
The United States has a vital national interest in Syria to ensure the lasting defeat of ISIS We know that this terrorist group plotted to attack our homeland in the past and we cannot let that threat re-emerge DemDebate
Donald Trump betrayed our partners in the Syrian Democratic Forces and put at risk our gains against ISIS This is a disaster of his own making DemDebate
As president Joe Biden will repeal Trump’s tax cuts for corporations and the super-wealthy and build a tax code that rewards work not just wealth DemDebate
Our firefighters and teachers work tirelessly to make our communities safer better places to live They should not pay a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy DemDebate
On day one Joe Biden will move to Eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy Eliminate the unjustified loopholes in our tax code Use that money to invest in America’s future DemDebate
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history He must be impeached DemDebatepic.twitter.com/2MJI33u28D
We can’t beat Donald Trump with double talk on health care Joe Biden doesn’t just know what his health care plan is—he knows how much it would cost and how he would pay for it DemDebatepic.twitter.com/2EnBmoFTft
Medicare for All will cost *checks notes 30x more than Joe Biden's plan to protect and build on Obamacare and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families DemDebatepic.twitter.com/ICr2E7wFJ8
“Russia if you’re listening… “I would like you to do us a favor… to Ukraine’s president “China should start an investigation. Our President has asked three foreign powers to intervene in our elections on his behalf and those are just the ones we know about DemDebate
A president who puts his own self-interest ahead of the public good and national security poses a threat to each and every American in our daily lives Donald Trump should be impeached Period DemDebatepic.twitter.com/eY2DAPne5d
Hey everyone TeamJoe here We’re taking over the account to keep you in the loop on tonight’s DemDebate Make sure to follow along for updates!pic.twitter.com/RkPKbgDexW
Folks we have to do more than beat Donald Trump We have to beat him like a drum When I take the DemDebate stage tonight I'm going to show you that I'm the best candidate to do just that Let's go.
From the Voting Rights Act renewal to the ban on assault weapons to the Violence Against Women Act to Obamacare to the Recovery Act that kept us from sliding into a Depression I’ve delivered progress for you I know what it takes to get it done.
Fixing what's broken in this country will take vision—and yes it will take plans But that’s not enough It also takes the proven ability to get it done And there is no one on tonight's stage who has a stronger record of passing important consequential legislation than I do.
This election is about you Your children Your family And you can’t wait for a president fighting for you when it comes to health care or jobs or education or guns or climate The world can’t wait for America to once again lead a stable peaceful international order.
For days pundits have let Donald Trump define the conversation around tonight's DemDebate Well Trump doesn't get to pick the Democratic nominee And I’m not going to be distracted by all his lies smears distortions and name-calling He’s picked a fight with the wrong guy.
Philadelphia's office cleaners work hard every day to keep the city's buildings clean They deserve the dignity that comes with a living wage access to health care and a secure retirement I stand with 32BJSEIU cleaners in their fight for a fair contract BuildingJustice
Overturning Citizens United isn’t enough Ridding our politics of big money and corporate special interests demands more We must go further I will introduce a constitutional amendment to get all private dollars out of our federal elections.
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history It’s got to end We must restore integrity to our government and ensure our elected officials work for all Americans not just the powerful. …
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
The news from Fort Worth is heartbreaking Atatiana Jefferson should still be alive today We cannot allow this to keep happening we must reform our policing practices and hold officers accountable for their actions. …
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption At every turn he has abused the power of the presidency to benefit his bottom line and weaponized the Executive Branch to serve himself I’ll ensure our government works for the people—not just Donald Trump. …
Overturning Citizens United is an important step in ending the corrupting influence of money in our politics but we must go further As president I will introduce a constitutional amendment to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections
America was built on a simple proposition we're all created equal We haven't yet fully lived up to that ideal but we've never stopped trying Transgender folks deserve every right afforded to Americans and as president I will fight to secure those rights.pic.twitter.com/LvcqOZOxWq
On IndigenousPeoplesDay we recognize the resiliency of indigenous communities and celebrate their rich contributions to society—while recommitting to the work that remains to come to terms with our past as a nation to honor our promises and work to right our wrongs.
Our Constitution begins with three simple words “We the People not “We the Donors. But for too long corporations and special interests have corrupted our political process and rigged it in their favor Today I’m releasing my plan to change that …
Corporations should not value their profits over the health and safety of their employees As president I will significantly increase the number of inspectors within the pork and beef industries to ensure every individual has safe working conditions.pic.twitter.com/5KrOfy2ldD
President Trump betrayed our partners the Syrian Democratic Forces and endangered our hard-won gains against ISIS Our troops are left in the middle of a war with no plan other than retreat He has failed as Commander-in-Chief to safeguard our country protect our troops. …
Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy He must be impeached.
It is wonderful to see Sesame Street raising awareness about the effect of substance use disorder on families We need to be doing more to help parents experiencing addiction and support children who end up in foster care because of this issue. …
The Affordable Care Act has been under relentless attack for the past nine years I will not stand for it As president I will protect and build on the ACA to ensure every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care.
Thank you UFCW I promise you won’t have a better ally in the White House if I’m president I’m a union guy and always have been Together we can restore the soul of this nation.pic.twitter.com/Cmutbywwth
I’m about to take the stage at the UFCW Presidential Forum in Iowa where I’ll discuss my plans to strengthen America’s unions Tune in to watch live:
The devastating effects of gun violence don’t end when the shooting is over—survivors may face mental health and substance use disorders in the months and years that follow Enough is enough We must end this epidemic. …
Thanks Sarah I'm proud of you and so is Beau.
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class—not saddle you with mountains of debt My new plan will provide two years of community college without debt double Pell grants invest $50 billion in workforce training programs and more.
Immigrants have always made us stronger as a nation our diversity has always been our greatest strength Donald Trump doesn’t get that. …
President Trump's attacks on Congresswoman Omar and Somali refugees have no place in our nation let alone the White House A president should unite us around our shared goals and lift us up not stoke the flames of hatred and tear us down. …
I was proud to work with Matthew’s parents Judy and Dennis to extend our hate crimes law to cover sexual orientation and gender identity But there’s still more work to be done we can’t rest until every single American can live open and proud without fear.
21 years ago Matthew Shepard passed away after a brutal anti-gay hate crime an attack that shook the conscience of our nation As we honor his memory we must remember that members of the LGBTQ community especially trans women of color are still targeted with violence.
President Trump believes he can and will get away with anything he does We all laughed when he said he could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot someone and get away with it Now he is shooting holes in our Constitution We cannot let him get away with it.
We believe Americans should decide American elections But Trump will do anything to get re-elected including violating the most basic norms of our democracy It's dangerous We cannot give him four more years in the White House.
Our planet is at a critical moment and if we re-elect Donald Trump it may never recover On day one I’ll take action to reverse the damage done by this administration and put America on track to lead the world in addressing the climate emergency.
Let me make something clear to President Trump I’m not going anywhere You’re not going to destroy me And you’re not going to destroy my family I don’t care how dirty the attacks get.
Living open and proud is a daily act of bravery bravery that resides in the heart of every single LGBTQ individual To those who have come out and to those who haven’t know that I’m proud of you You are loved and you are accepted just as you are ComingOutDay
Today is a reminder to every girl on the planet nothing is beyond your capacity or capability And all of us must work to ensure that girls around the world have the chance to participate fully in society and that their rights are respected DayoftheGirl
To LGBTQ people suffering persecution anywhere the American people are on your side And as president I will ensure the U.S leads the world to defend human rights for all.
LGBTQ rights are human rights Uganda's proposed new law is inhumane Using religion or culture to license discrimination is never justifiable Period. …
Using religion or culture to discriminate against or demonize LGBTQ individuals is never justified—not anywhere in the world I will send a clear message from the top of our government prejudice is prejudice inhumanity is inhumanity and the U.S will not stand for it.pic.twitter.com/HUMcFVSSfA
I spent my night at the HRC forum talking about the fundamental respect every human being deserves You spent yours showing how little respect for anyone else you have America is so much stronger than your weakness realDonaldTrump.
Honored to be asked a question at tonight's EqualityTownHall by my friend Judy Shepard It was a privilege to work with her to secure the passage of legislation that extended our hate crimes laws to crimes based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
We have to make sure that no hospital or health care provider can discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love EqualityTownHallpic.twitter.com/bVgmfgSA06
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health it’s health Period We've got to combat the stigma and ensure everyone has access to the care they need and deserve WorldMentalHealthDay
Looking forward to joining AndersonCooper at tonight’s EqualityTownHall to discuss the work that remains in the fight for LGBTQ rights Tune in to CNN at 8PM ET to watch live.
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ equality we're not done not nearly We must stand up to President Trump's dangerous attacks on the rights of the LGBTQ community and continue to fight for full equality.pic.twitter.com/Wtxpczcawj
Americans should decide American elections Period.pic.twitter.com/oc5HavIiuf
I sat down with MaraKeisling of the NCTEActionFund to discuss the progress we’ve made on LGBTQ rights and the work that remains Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time—I won’t stop fighting until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.pic.twitter.com/zaLAdKWBrV
President Trump picked a fight with the wrong guy.pic.twitter.com/5s7izCLSzt
Trump made this decision on a whim after a phone call with Turkish President Erdogan There was no process No consultation with our military our diplomats or our allies Trump got rolled plain and simple because he has no idea what he's doing.
But that's not all he betrayed our brave troops who sacrificed alongside them He betrayed our word as a nation raising doubts among our allies around the world about America's security commitments.
Donald Trump sold out the Syrian Democratic Forces the courageous Kurds and Arabs who fought with us to smash ISIS's caliphate and he betrayed a key local ally in the fight against terrorism. …
In full view of the American people Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed this nation He must be impeached.pic.twitter.com/ivRAqnHHZb
President Trump has decided that we don't have the power or the political will to hold him accountable He's not just testing us he's laughing at us We must prove him wrong He must be impeached.pic.twitter.com/4ahsVPiqxX
Like every bully President Trump is lashing out because he’s afraid He’s afraid of how badly I will beat him next November Let’s make his worst fear a reality pic.twitter.com/kjrK3mzzjk
Only a little farther north Timothy Ragland won his race to become both the youngest and first African American mayor of Talladega I'm confident they will serve the people of Alabama well.
Last night history was made in the birthplace of the civil rights movement when Steven Reed became the first African American mayor of Montgomery.
President Trump sees no limit to his power He believes he can and will get away with anything he does.pic.twitter.com/wxCjXIubfM
To preserve our Constitution our democracy and our basic integrity Donald Trump should be impeached.pic.twitter.com/fa14AGZdW9
Two days ago Trump impulsively gave Turkey a green light to invade Syria blindsiding our military Today we see the consequences—Turkish forces attacking the fighters that helped us take on ISIS It’s a betrayal takes pressure off the terrorist threat leaves us less safe.
Every day Donald Trump is in the White House he poses a grave threat to our democracy We must make him a one-term president Help us defeat him by pitching in to our Beat Trump Fund before midnight: …
With his words and with his actions President Trump has indicted himself He should be impeached.
Thanks for watching Stop stonewalling the Congress Honor your oath Respect the Constitution And speaking of taxpayers I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns You? …
Join me now as I take the stage: …
I’m about to take the stage in New Hampshire to discuss the grave threat Donald Trump poses to our democracy and the action we must take Tune in now: …
This afternoon I’ll be speaking about President Trump’s abuse of power and the grave threat he poses to our democracy Tune in at 12:45 PM ET to watch live …
Jill and I send our best wishes to those taking part in the Hindu festival of Navratri As the nine days of celebration come to a close let us remain optimistic of the triumph of good over evil and the opportunity of new beginnings.
I have spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power Donald Trump has spent his entire career abusing his power.
In public and in private President Trump has asked foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf It is an abuse of power We cannot let him get away with it Chip in to our Trump Rapid Response Fund to help us respond pic.twitter.com/vPYBDxo3Nz
Jill and I wish Jewish communities around the world an easy fast as they gather to observe Yom Kippur The Day of Atonement is an important reminder of the obligation we all share to reflect on our actions and recommit to our values in the year ahead L’Shana Tovah.
President Trump must stop stonewalling Congress and fully cooperate with the investigations The American people deserve the truth. …
No one should live in fear of being fired because of who they are or whom they love We must stand up to President Trump’s relentless attacks on LGBTQ rights and continue the fight for full equality—because every American deserves to live open proud and free RiseUpOct8
We will make historic investments in education and training to ensure every American has a reliable path to the middle class—regardless of their parents income or the color of their skin Wondering how the plan will benefit you Take the quiz pic.twitter.com/eBrukAxvzw
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority-Serving Institutions play a vital role in our communities A Biden administration will invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability build high tech labs and facilities and support student success.
A Biden administration will take concrete action to address the student debt crisis in our country We will expand access to Pell Grants more than halve income-based payments on undergraduate federal student loans and make student loan forgiveness work for public servants.
DrBiden calls community colleges America’s best kept secret she's right A Biden administration will invest in these institutions providing every American with two years of community college or other high-quality training programs without debt.
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class But for too many earning a credential or degree after high school comes with a mountain of debt or is out of reach altogether Today I’m releasing my plan to change that:
Firefighters and teachers should not pay a higher tax rate than the wealthiest in our country As president I will reverse President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class It’s time we reward work not just wealth.
Abuse of power is the defining characteristic of the Trump presidency Donald Trump has abused the foreign policy of the United States to extract personal political favors from multiple countries We must stop him.pic.twitter.com/5IojhccVq3
Today I'm proud the campaign is launching Women for Biden There's so much at stake in this election and so much more work to do in the fight for women's health care paychecks safety and families pic.twitter.com/54v5rS7XLD
As president I will make passing the Equality Act a top legislative priority A Biden administration won’t rest until we truly achieve full equality and everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
A president should use the full might of the executive branch to secure justice dignity and safety for all Instead President Trump does the opposite callously exerting his power over the most vulnerable We must send a clear message We will not stand for this.
This week the Trump Administration is set to argue before the Supreme Court that it’s legal to discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love It’s a dangerous attack on the civil rights of LGBTQ Americans and everything we stand for.
We cannot and will not stand for President Trump’s corruption We will beat him like a drum.
If we stand together we can and will end our gun violence epidemic Read my full plan to address this public health epidemic at . …
President Trump continuously dishonors everything it means to hold the office of President of the United States of America We must make him a one-term president.
Elena De11eDonne is the pride of Delaware Wishing her well as she recovers we need more professional athletes like her sharing their support for inclusive sports I'm looking forward to seeing her back on the court soon.
In my experience asking a foreign government to manufacture lies about your domestic political opponent is not “done all the time.” …
No family should be struggling to make ends meet American farmers are hurting as a result of President Trump’s broken promises his trade war is reckless As president I’ll stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers. …
Our planet just experienced the hottest September on record yet President Trump continues to dismiss the devastating effects of climate change As president I’ll address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing our climate emergency. …
It's clear who President Trump works for He gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations Now he’s cutting food stamp funding for the 3rd time It’s cruel No family should go hungry in America. …
Jill and I are devastated to hear about last night’s shooting in Kansas City No one should ever have to fear that they or their loved ones may not return home due to senseless violence We must come together as a country to put an end to these tragedies once and for all.
Every day it becomes clearer we cannot give Donald Trump four more years in the White House Stand with me and together we can make him a one-term president:
And to Trump and those who facilitate his abuses of power and all the special interests funding his attacks against me Please know that I’m not going anywhere You won’t destroy me and you won’t destroy my family And come November 2020 I intend to beat you like a drum.
While the House does its job on impeachment I’m going to stay focused on what matters improving the lives of Americans and fighting to ensure that the United States is once again the leader of the free world.
It’s the same cynical playbook he returns to again and again But this time it won’t work because the American people know me—and they know him I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against Trump’s lack of integrity any day of the week.
Our first president George Washington famously could not tell a lie Trump seemingly cannot tell the truth about anything He slanders anyone he sees as a threat It's why is he is frantically pushing flat-out lies debunked conspiracy theories and smears against me.
He does not understand the immense responsibility demanded of all those who hold the office of the president of the United States He sees only the power and how it can benefit just one person Donald Trump.
Every day more evidence is uncovered revealing that Trump is abusing the power of the presidency and is wholly unfit to be president He is using the highest office in the land to advance his personal political interests instead of the national interest. …
Obamacare was and is a big deal It covered 20 million additional Americans protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions and has saved lives We can’t afford to tear it down and start over As president I will protect and build on it. …
President Trump is spending millions of dollars attacking me because he's scared I'll beat him But I’m not going anywhere I won’t let Donald Trump choose the Democratic nominee.pic.twitter.com/k2YNjnlfEU
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern history.pic.twitter.com/EjfAKdivy7
If there are any angels in heaven they are all male and female nurses.pic.twitter.com/ImQGL8r04B
We have a president who believes he is above the law and that there is no limit to his power He is wrong We cannot let him get away with this Chip in to help us beat him like a drum …
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption.
Roe v Wade is the law of the land and we must fight any and all attempts to overturn it As president I will codify Roe into law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. …
Health care is personal to me like it is for so many Americans I promise you as president I will protect your family's health care as I would my own.pic.twitter.com/BTS5MW1J7J
It has been 219 days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill Every day since senatemajldr McConnell has refused to bring it up for a vote Enough How many more Americans must die for Senate Republicans to stand up to the NRA and take action?
Looking forward to joining SEIU at the UnionsForAll Summit this afternoon to talk about my plans to protect and strengthen America’s unions and rebuild the middle class Tune in: …
This is who Donald Trump is A president who abuses the power of the Oval Office to win re-election turns his back on the fight for democracy in Hong Kong and puts his own self-interest above the public good We have to show the world who we are. …
Extreme risk laws save lives Period As president I will incentivize states to adopt these important laws to help keep guns out of dangerous hands Read my full plan to end our gun violence epidemic pic.twitter.com/gVurhsNdlO
It's clear President Trump doesn't care about the farmers and manufacturers being crushed by his reckless trade war—just this week 160 workers were laid off in the Quad Cities Enough As president I will end these failed policies and put American workers first. …
I’m not surprised President Trump asked foreign governments for help to beat me and that his special interest friends are spending millions to attack me But we can't let the lies smears and distortions distract us from what's at stake in this election.pic.twitter.com/RE9qQ59wHB
The idea of Donald Trump attacking anyone’s integrity is a joke.
Our children should not have to worry about their safety at school Enough is enough We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic pic.twitter.com/FKVffIr49h
You should need to pass a background check to buy a gun Period I will enact universal background check legislation and close loopholes that allow guns to fall into the wrong hands Read my full plan to end gun violence pic.twitter.com/pEl8KBvwct
Mr President you cannot extort foreign governments to help you win re-election It’s an abuse of power It violates your oath of office And it jeopardizes our national security I know you want to rig the primary and pick your opponent but I’m not going anywhere. …
We’re going to do more than just beat President Trump we’re going to beat him like a drum.pic.twitter.com/A09Dh7Uqmp
All the progress we've made on domestic violence and sexual assault has been because of people like Bonnie Campbell Grateful for her kind words in reflecting on the history of the Violence Against Women Act. …
I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against President Trump's long record of lying cheating and stealing any day of the week.pic.twitter.com/ABf0robBtr
Because of the courage and determination of folks like GabbyGiffords and groups like AMarch4OurLives the fight for gun safety reform has gone from a cause to a movement We will end our gun violence epidemic together 2020GunSafetypic.twitter.com/khPWpR0FOc
President Trump broke his promise to America's farmers He campaigned on having their backs but now his administration is abandoning them and claiming family farms might not survive I will expand opportunities for our farmers not count them out …
52 years ago Thurgood Marshall became the first African American Supreme Court Justice A legal giant in the struggle for civil rights—he relentlessly pushed America closer to our promise of liberty equality and justice for all His voice forever changed the course of history.
En el 1994 el senador Feinstein y yo dirigimos la lucha para prohibir las armas de fuego para asalto y las revistas de alta capacidad Luchamos contra el NRA y los vencimos Como presidente volver a prohibir estas armas de guerra Las sacaremos de nuestras calles.
In 1994 Senator Feinstein and I led the fight to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines We took on the NRA and got it done As president I’ll ban these weapons of war once again We will get them off our streets pic.twitter.com/u06FKHQv6D
I'm about to take the stage at the 2020GunSafety Forum in Las Vegas to discuss my track record of taking on the NRA and my new plan to end our gun violence epidemic Read the full plan at and then watch live: …
This is not how an American president should act. …
Thoughts and prayers won't end our gun violence epidemic We need courage and we need leadership It's past time we take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform Today I released my plan to end our gun violence epidemic
DrBiden and I are sending our best wishes to BernieSanders Jane and the whole Sanders family Anyone who knows Bernie understands what a force he is We are confident that he will have a full and speedy recovery and look forward to seeing him on the trail soon.
President Trump is morally unfit to lead our country. …
President Trump asked a foreign government to interfere in our elections and now he's spending $10 million on attack ads against me It's clear that he is trying to influence the primary and pick his opponent Why Because he knows I’ll beat him like a drum.
Weapons of war have no place on our streets We must take on the NRA and ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines I’ve done it before and I’ll do it again in the White House.pic.twitter.com/hdVTM6YVF7
One of my favorite parts of debate night has become meeting our contest winners from around the country God love ya JoAnne Thanks for coming to Houston Enter for your chance to join me at the next Democratic debate pic.twitter.com/uPpiaxGe2s
The brave people of Hong Kong deserve the full support of the United States as they demand the civil liberties and autonomy promised to them Violent suppression is unacceptable The world is watching. …
President Trump works for the NRA I’ll work for the American people. …
Two years ago we watched in horror as 58 precious lives were cut short in the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history As we remember those we lost in Las Vegas we must honor them with action We cannot let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer.
